Hypothesis: The hysteria over incorrect Halloween costumes better explains pro-Trump votes than Clinton emails.
Fascinating viewing: The Choice 2016 - the rise and rise of Hilary #Clinton & Donald #Trump.
Trump raises specter of crisis if Clinton wins the White House.
Clinton admits she's a steaming pile of human garbage, but wants you to vote for her because Trump's an even bigger one. h….
Defeating Trump is not enough. After the election I intend to make certain that we implement Democratic platform..
Man who correctly predicted 30 years of US elections says Donald Trump is going to win.
My new banner #tcot #trump #clinton #pepe #wikileaks #debate #podesta.
New email shows DNC boss giving #Clinton camp YET ANOTHER debate question in advance. Recall my confrontation with.
Clinton top aide Huma Abedin avoids spotlight, campaign plane, after laptop revelations in FBI investigation.
Newly released emails show Donna Brazile cheating by giving Clinton campaign questions ahead of debate. #CNNCheated.
⚡️ “Hillary Clinton maintains lead in new poll after FBI letter”.
More Corruption! New email shows leaked a second question 2 Clinton campaign.
WATCH LIVE: Hillary Clinton speaks at an early voting rally in Cincinnati, Ohio.
CNN now reporting there 'may be 1000s of #emails involved' in new #FBI probe. #Hillary.
going to be always has a positive message for America.
My latest: Source: FBI Dir. Comey opposed naming Russians as interfering in US, because it was too close to.
wants YOU to get involved in this election because there's simply too much at stake..
Obama lied, we are paying MUCH more. Did you keep your doctor? Hillary is more promises soon to be lies! #Trump.
WOW ! The Fat Lady might be singing soon 👉1/3 of likely #GoHillary voters Less Willing To Support #CrookedHillary.
Refuse to Elect a Groping,.
Bernie Sanders wants Election Day to be a holiday, which would dramatically increase turnout..
Early voting has started.  Why hasn't NBB called the election yet?  What's the hold up?.
Where's the #FBI when you really need.
Choosing betw "the Most Corrupt, Least Popular Candidates of All Time".
A new ShadowBrokers dump of sorts. The message is ~ "something something let's disrupt election" but can read here: ht….
Story of the entire election. Same exact thing happened during the last two debates..
New Republic: The Most Important WikiLeaks Revelation Isn’t About Hillary.
Computer scientists believe they've found a special server linking Trump Tower to Russia's Alfa Bank..
Very very damning: Was a Trump server communicating with a Russian bank? These cyber experts believe so. via.
Astounding reporting. Computer scientists find Trump communicating w/ Russia throughout campaign via secret server. http….
Donald Trump and Mike Pence have their own issues with emails and transparency via.
Trump's history of abusing women, sexual assault & rape set a  precedent for the upcoming child rape.
Latest polls show 98.5% of Donald Trump Supporters will Vote Him.
DONALD TRUMP WINS SUPPORT FROM NATIVE AMERICAN COALITION.
Read our latest cover story on how Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid key documents..
Donald Trump once pitched a TV show that centered on him ogling beautiful women via.
Trump: It was legal immigrants that made America great!.
1. Trump U 2. Tax returns 3. Sexual assault 4. Calls to shoot HRC 5. Voter intimidation 6. White supremacist ties 7. Ref….
"FBI sitting on 'explosive' information regarding Donald Trump and Russia, top Democrat insists" -.
Oh hey maybe Trump won’t show his taxes because he GETS MONEY FROM RUSSIA VIA HIS OWN PRIVATE SERVER. Holy.
5 REASONS HILLARY CAN LOSE, TRUMP WIN.
An #ICC investigation into #Afghanistan would be a huge challenge for H Clinton. Her record on the Court is v mixed:.
Hacked #email suggests #Donna #Brazile leaked question to Hillary Clinton campaign ahead of #CNN primary #debate.
Leaked Email: Google Chairman Wants To Be Clinton's Advisor | The Daily Caller.
Opinion: Time for special prosecutor: The time has come for President Obama to get off the Clinton campaign t....
Top #GOP senator to #FBI : 'Your disclosure is not fair to Congress, the #AmericanPeople ' or #Clinton #HillaryEmail.
3rd email shows CNN's Donna Brazile rigging Clinton v Sanders debate by leaking more questions to Clinton in advance.
No because no one wants to be associated with the Clinton Titanic..
good dogs for Clinton practicing to be poll watchers.
If you elect Trump this CONTINUES UNTOUCHED!From Halloween to Election Day,abnormally warm weather to dominate U.S..
WOW! Dem Pollster: This Year's Election Is Shaping Up to Be Like 1980 - 40 State Trump Landslide (VIDEO).
These candidates are challenging the status quo in their states this election.
How many off the record meetings does Trudeau do exactly and what was this with Clinton about?.
2) It was the first in local memory..
Donald Trump’s top black strategist in Florida thrown out of Trump rally for being black.
Donald Trump have at least 6% lead in the latest polls –.
GOOD MORNING TRUMP TRAIN. Don't stop the fight for Donald Trump. We will fix this country. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
•Trump wants to lower tensions w.
If you elect Trump this CONTINUES UNTOUCHED!From Halloween to Election... by #iansomerhalder via.
Took this great shot of the team aboard Trump Force 2. With Election Day near, we're wheels up to Florida! Happy Halloween!….
Why the new child rape case filed against Donald Trump should not be ignored….
Team Trump: Early Voting Numbers Show The Donald on Warpath to Victory - Breitbart.
The Hottest Women of Donald Trump Love Life - Top 10.
Audio of Trump praising the Clintons and Democrats: Listen to the nice words Trump had for the Clintons and f....
Happy Halloween! Harley Quinn, a doctor and a Latino voter (scariest thing ever to Trump) ready to trick or treat..
I wonder how reasonable establishment voices lost control over the GOP and ceded it to Trump?.
Why the new child rape case filed against Donald Trump should not be ignored # via.
Dems to Comey: Share info on Trump and Russia (Comey, come clean).
Happy Halloween!.
Wow you send all ?'s YOU are #Debate Prep! #GreenParty #PodestaEmails25….
They're, streaming it on YouTube right now as I type.
So we're breaking free.
When a hot dog speaks, you listen. Especially when he's  talking the politics of food! What a credible source.….
Sir we wll see very soon Bjp Leaders promoting it for UP Election again with Banners/Posters..
More:.
Incredible..
Trumps emails are fair game.
Prankster vandalizes Ohio Democratic headquarters with manure—Democrats' response is classic.
Check out the PayPal alternatives - there are some great ones.
New News/WaPo tracking poll shows 2016 candidates hitting unprecendented levels of unpopularity.
Congratulations on  winning the election on PTI's seat beating PPP 🎉. Big Achievement #PTI Rocks….
Wow (again)..
Child Raping, Sexual.
DNC chairwoman helped Hillary Clinton ahead of Bernie Sanders according to new Wikileaks emails.
How many times have I told you that Hillary Clinton HATES ordinary working Americans?.
FT endorsement: For all her weaknesses, Clinton is the best hope via Hilary fires male cynacism above evrything.
FT endorsement: For all her weaknesses, Clinton is the best hope via Hilary fires male cynacism….
Hilary Clinton is NOT a crook, untrustworthy, duplicitous, etc. She plays her cars close, yes, but that not necessarily bad. h….
My son heading to a costume party as Hilary Clinton's 33000 deleted emails.. haha!.
OMG! as Hilary Clinton lol.
Unfathomable, but true. Huma Abedin/Muslim Brotherhood/Hilary Clinton.Will America vote for its own.
So Hilary Clinton came to my church today & I couldn't fit all of what she said but vote Hilary for president 🗣we need her….
Cultural appropriation! Shame on you Hilary Clinton!!.
Is hilary Clinton a liar?  The #worlds of podcasts is available to you !!.
She is the Lebanese version of Hilary Hilarious Clinton!.
In 2006 interview, Hilary Clinton regrets that the US did not do more to rig the Palestinian elections won by Hamas.
The #debate over #FBI #director James #Comey's new #Clinton #email letter, explained - Vox.
The most talked about story in America, FBI investigation into Clinton's emails, isn't trending on Facebook. Not even on….
Clinton's most emailed aid in the US State Department, Jake Sullivan, used personal email to talk with Clinton about bringin….
#world #singapore Clinton takes on US FBI director in latest email flap: Hillary Clinton on Saturday ch... #news.
Clinton can no longer coast to the win.
A Fine FBI-Clinton Mess: 'Mrs. Clinton has herself to blame for this.
Clinton Right Hand Woman Huma Abedin Takes the Stage at Center of Email Scandal - Breitbart.
Americans are still dying in Afghanistan. Clinton and Trump are ignoring it. - | So is most of the….
Clinton: What the FBI Is Doing Is ‘Unprecedented’ And ‘Deeply Troubling’ … So Was Your Private Server, Hillary.
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Phoenix, AZ 10/29/16 via.
30,000+ Watching "LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Phoenix, AZ 10/29/16" on YouTube -.
#CrookedHillary is cooked! In 10 days President-Elect Donald J. Trump will be a reality! Run to your safe spaces you #Im….
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Las Vegas, NV via.
Women Everywhere Cringe in Horror Watching Donald Trump Sexually Humiliate a Woman for Revenge via.
This is a very fine FIGHT SONG for Hilary Clinton. Don't miss it. I love the words and the tune..
demands the FBI release "full and complete facts" in email review | Getty.
The more people get to know the more they like him: #debate.
The solutions America needs won't be on the #debate stage. Follow and for better ideas. #debate….
With just over one week to Election Day, and weigh in on the FBI’s latest review of Clinton’s em….
Mayor Rudy Giuliani joins me live in studio tonight to talk the latest FBI bombshell days before the election. Tune in 9….
Take the time to read this piece from first anecdote is eye-opening:.
Good article. Yes a Donald Trump win would be very, very bad for Canada. On the other hand Hilary Clinton win only….
GIRL Delivers THE BEST SPEECH EVER at Donald Trump Rally Arizona Phoenix... via.
FOX NEWS - DONALD TRUMP ASKED WHY THE CAMERA MAN DIDN'T SCAN HIS HUGE CROWD, BUT HAVE THE CAMERA  ONLY FIXED ON HIM?.
The moment Donald #Trump completely humiliated Jennifer Hawkins before a large audience says it all..
High energy at the Trump star today!.
So this just happened near the press pen at Trump's Phoenix rally. Man chanting "Jew.S.A.!".
Trump says voter fraud is 'okay' if the votes are for him.
Drudge: "Hillary at war with the FBI." be at war w/ Russia if we elect her. #MAGA3X #PodestaEm….
The Macron Show is now LIVE! - Ronald Trump's Halloween Massacre - #MacronShow #Trump.
Trump is a caring person. He made sure Hillary didn't fall. The media won't report this..
We call on the Trump Campaign to immediately release his taxes. Americans have the right to see them before Election Day.….
Don't expect the new FBI investigation to change Trump's current polling trajectory—or the election outcome. Ultima….
Thank you to all of the AMAZING people who came out to show their support for at Trump Tower today! We WILL….
Isn't it time to hear something positive? Join our movement and fight for a brighter tomorrow. #debate #debatenight  http….
Ready to vote? Consider how changes like tax reform could impact your finances. #debate.
AMEN! If #MainstreamMedia really wants to know who #Hacked this election, here's your answer ☞ 🕇..
Well they thought angry nativism would be enough to win a general election, so it's not like they have a great trac….
Fired up, ready to go! Thanks to all of our volunteers, supporters and staff, we will work up to Election Day. #IWillVote….
DeShawn from Akron says he voted early for Hillary today because he couldn't wait until Election Day to make history..
“More than 16.5 million people have already voted in this election.” —Hillary.
Great work Most important election yet for Latinos. Not enough for us to win, we have to send a message!! #JuntosSe….
Just 10 days left until Election Day. Take 10 minutes tonight to help elect on Nov. 8. Get started:.
Ready to get active this election season? Get started right now with.
Nominees in #Yukon #election reminded of #Indigenous issues: Click here to find out more:.
calls FBI letter ahead of election "not just strange," but "unprecedented and deeply troubling".
I have the chance to do what makes me happy!! #worlds.
And the 32-year-old Fireworks singer even donned prosthetics to transform into a very convincing version of h....
Are you ready to make history, #VirWINia? The election is just ten days away: Make sure you're ready to vote at.
Stop lying. did nt cancel anything. She is in Florida with JLO a concert n her honor 2 win the electio….
NEW, by The #GamerGate Case for Donald.
More evidence in my inbox, this time from the....
Last yr, claimed $102M in charity. Turned out to be mostly free rounds of golf. $0 of his own cash..
It's hard to overstate turmoil many in the Republican Party feel, searching for leaders, message, even orthodoxy..
Public becoming more aware of pathological criminality of Hillary Clinton: #debate.
BREAKING: Feds Leak Details of New #Clinton Investigation / #Weinergate #Hillaryforjail #debate #debatenight #potus.
Any person with decency & love of country would step down. Clinton only loves self, money & power and has no decenc….
WikiLeaks reveals Hillary Clinton hid the "depth" of her email scandal from her own campaign manager and staff.
13 Yr. Old Faith Graham Delivers Epic Takedown of Hillary Clinton at Trump AZ Rally.
Bill Clinton was rallying African American voters across OH today & spoke very frankly about racism. This is from Cincinnati:….
FULL Hillary Clinton Holds Press Conference After FBI Reopen Investigation - Hillary Lies Again!.
Headlines now dominated by #Clinton #emails. Important? YES, but so is #hackable #biotech. #stJude #mhealth #ATT….
Los Angeles Times confirms FBI Director is lying: latest emails "were not to or from" Hillary Clinton.
New Clinton emails found during Anthony Weiner sexting probe via.
Eric Trump claimed Hillary's net worth is $250 million.
Geraldo who attacks Trump non stop is seen here with rapist sexual predator Hillary best friend Weiner. Stop attacking….
It's time for a new era of American strength. It's time for Donald Trump. #WeNeedTrump.
60% of FrankLunz focus group of undecided voters said they are now more likely to vote Trump  #TrumpWins #debate.
13 y.o. Faith Graham delivers epic takedown of at Trump Phoenix rally! #DrainTheSwa….
Video shows Trump "getting even" by sexually humiliating Miss Universe Jennifer Hawkins in front of a large crowd..
Donald Trump will win US Presidential election, predicts hugely accurate AI machine.
Women Really, Really Dislike Trump: Take Note, Republicans.
'Girls' bosses tackle those "pregnant Hannah" photos, and share which episodes Donald Trump should watch h….
Donald Trump would do more for blacks than any other president since Abe Lincoln.
So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you!.
Comprehensive WaPo Report Shows Trump Lies Like a Dog About His Charitable Giving.
Remember When Trump Called Anthony Weiner a 'Major Security Risk'?.
Donald Trump and Mike Pence Stride Confidently Amid Surging Support, Polls and Crowds... via.
TRUMP WINS 2016 #draintheswamp.
10 pantsuits you need in your life right now.
FashionCanada: 10 pantsuits you need in your life right now.
Asian_fashion_s: FashionCanada: 10 pantsuits you need in your life right now.
America is great because America is good ❤️🇺🇸 #debate2016 #debate #imwither.
"such a bias against people who led successful lives"….
#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate.
"We Can Do Better" - post #debate response from and #McMullinFinn #debatenight.
There is another choice #EWPopFest #Change #Election #UsElection #GaryJohnson #Election2016 #Debate #Clear.
Dubai deals lump charitable & personal work in possibly unethical ways.
🚨TAKE ACTION NOW don't wait until after Nov8 election!.
EMRapidRescue: 02Cents0: EMRapidRescue: 02Cents0: rcooley123: Bernie Sanders Makes a Powerful Case for Continuing ….
Never b4 has Presidential Candidate faced MORE rape accusations than pussy-grabber.
You bash charitable donations from Saudis, but have no problem w/Trump PERSONALLY taking millions from them? 🤔….
From great reporting at.
Lets win and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸.
NEW: #PodestaEmails human network explorer.
#ImWithHer LOL.
BRING YOUR BEST.
Read more:.
says "I have real problems with ballots being sent," suggests some get thrown out..
"I feel like she [Hilary clinton] knows what to do and can keep us safe".
Another attack in New York, and Hillary Clinton wants to import thousands more potential terrorists... #debate.
In my FBI story, I name every email account involved, every device, every person. Clinton not implicated in anything ht….
Clinton advisor proposes attacking Iran to secure Saudi Arabia's control in Yemen.
Next up for Clinton: a very large concert in Miami featuring JLo and Marc Anthony. Big organizing opportunity..
BREAKING: Obama Just Caught Trying to Sabotage New Clinton Email Investigation! This is SICK… - TH….
"BREAKING : Wikileaks Reveals More Clinton “Quid Pro Quo” – Bill Meets With Saudi Prince in D.C." #mustread #feedly ht….
#Wikileaks 27197 Huge Gaps in Clinton emails #bigleaguetruth #NeverHillary #TrumpStrong #CorruptMedia #PodestaEmails17 #MAGA….
'Make Soros happy': Inside Clinton team's mission to please billionaire VIP // #SorosSuckerFish.
Just in: Dem Sens Feinstein, Carper, Leahy and Cardin send ltr to DOJ/FBI requesting more info on Clinton server investigat….
More sexual allegations mount against Donald Trump:.
Absolute splitting my sides at dressing up as Hilary Clinton for Halloween 😂.
❤#MerylStreep Pbs MAKERS WOMEN WHO MAKE AMERICA rare (3 Hour) #DVD HILARY CLINTON Meryl Streep.
Old Socrates knew a thing or three ... Donald Trump / Hilary Clinton are you taking note ?.
Clinton campaign wages new war against James Comey - CNN I'm with Hilary on this. If there is evidence let's see it!.
The Peoples Paradise Podcast is balling!!  #worlds you have the best!!!.
Love exists in the reams of the #worlds of the Peoples Paradise Podcast.
The Power, i'm the best i'm doing it!!.
Hey there Hilary Clinton, nice friends you got here. Did you rent them from the Ape Farm or rear them yourself ? Proud of….
The main issue of this election? The Supreme Court. if you agree..
“I know lots of high-value donors who have no desire to have any collaborators at the top of the ticket in 2020”.
the "pros" made fun of him for saying Weiner was a security concern.
Phil Robertson: 'Hillary Needs to Stay Out of the Redeeming Business'.
"The Clintons' house should've been raided in the first investigation.".
Hey Cory, Perhaps the funds could go to victims of sexual assault at the hands of  Feel any disco….
The new sober cover of the Economist, which is controlled by Lynn de Rothschild, Clinton's "loyal adoring pal".
Photo of Huma crying as Hillary glares at her as news of the FBI re-investigation broke. The most powerful pic of this electi….
The more i read of this story, the more amazing it is. Take a read..
is a PROUD member of the 🚂 #TrumpTrain #Trump2016! 🇺🇸.
Women accuse Trump of sexual assault: Wall to wall media coverage..
Today Trump got a court date for allegations he raped a 13 year old girl, but let’s talk more about Weiner emails..
Early morning flight headed to speak with Donald Trump Jr in Atlanta, then fly to DC to speak w/ 20,000+ #Deplorables….
Hillary In 2013: “I Would Like To See People Like Donald Trump Run For Office; They’re Honest And Can’t Be Bought”.
to NowThis: America is better than Donald Trump.
Melania always looks like she's realizing that she's married to Donald Trump.
Media mocks Trump's "rigged election" warning to its own peril..
A fresh look for Hollywood Latino actors for trump :).
Trump to win biggest landslide in history.
What a great night! People are so passionate & love their country. So many people stopped to get Trump signs. 🇺🇸.
Perfectly OK for Hillary to do.
Montel Williams: New York Times writer threatened to release my address if I didn't cooperate with anti-Trump story.
We paid out on Hilary Clinton winning the US Presidential election today. wasn't happy about it....
Finally! WikiLeaks Releases Details of Exactly how Hillary is STEALING THE ELECTION!.
The most radioactive of Clinton affairs concern dubious relationship w/Jeffrey Epstein’s kids club.….
General Cartwright is paying the price for Hillary Clinton’s sins.
Pure collusion between of WaPo & #Podesta & Cheryl Mills to cover up the personal life of Bill Clinton.….
We're live at a press conference now where Danney Williams is claiming he is the illegitimate son of Bill Clinton:.
The #Clinton campaign actually has a "WJC Team" to clean up after #RapistBill's messes per #WikiLeaks emails.
With full tuition from Hilary Clinton.
Clinton maintains huge 50-point lead among Latinos, according to a new poll.
New Bill Clinton Sexual Assault Victim Goes Public (VIDEO).
Jill Stein on Latest WikiLeaks: How Much More Evidence Does Government Need to Press Charges Against Clinton?.
Wow! Racist is cross-examining Danny Williams like she's a Clinton lawyer! #DebateNight.
Clinton Employs More Black Women Than Any Nominee Ever via.
LIVE: Bill Clinton Son Danney Williams Surprise Pre-Debate Announcement.
Great Mary Katherine tweetstorm on how media bias works. No, it's not enough to tip election, but worthwhile to learn how it….
What's a stake this election: Thanks to DACA, DREAMers have higher salaries, more education access..
Pence, asked by Hume if there is enough voter fraud to sway an election: "Well, I don't think that's the case honestly." (h/t….
What to Watch on Netflix: Cure Your Election Fatigue With These 5 Great British Sitcoms.
10 great political films to get you through this US election.
I wonder how much the #Clintons are paying this fall guy? A nice lake house next to old #Bernie? #DrainTheSwamp.
Grab the popcorn and pinot. We're excited to show you our election videos with There are #NoExcuses to not vote.….
Former Miss Teen Slams Media Witch Hunt Against Donald Trump, Say He Was “AN ABSOLUTE GENTLEMAN”.
What would or should you do if a Donald Trump self-appointed "poll watcher" challenges your right … by Scott Gosnell.
Pastor Mark Burns' National Prayer Special- Pray for Donald Trump 10/19/16 - YouTube.
First and last impression: Trump roamed around the stage like lurch, hovering, hovering, hovering. And sniffing..
Eminem is so brave and edgy to criticize Donald Trump..
Donald Trump: "I am with You, I Will Fight For You, And I will WIN for You" #Debate #Blacks4Trump 👉Watch Video:.
Watch the action LIVE: video at: htt….
No matter who wins the presidential election, candidates' tax proposals affect #muniland..
businessinsider: Meet RandyRainbow, the Facebook star who’s turning the 2016 election into hilarious musical parod… http….
will do more in the first 30 days than Hillary has done in the last 30 years.
FOOOKED GUD'N PROPER! SUBMERGE ALL THE BANKER HEDGERS ATOP THE REEF,FISH FOOD WITH ADDED CONCRETE WELLYBOOTS👁🤑….
#AddAMovieRuinAMovie The Man Who Knew Too Much but Pretty Woman.
And now he wants the keys to the U.S. economy….
New Hampshire poll: Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 15 points.
"Bill was a great president, Hillary Clinton is a great woman and a good woman," Trump says in 2008 clip we found..
So excited! Are you going to come watch the #debate with us?.
leads going into the final #debate -tonight's debate will be HUGE 4 this election! ht….
There will also be a Grand Prize for the overall Winners! #debate.
Watch be involved in the #debate tonight on Dr. Stein's Facebook page, with a LIVE Facebook Q&A after!.
"Let's Be Clear Donald Trump is the America FIRST candidate, 76% of Americans Say They Want Change!"….
"Let's Be Clear Donald Trump is the America FIRST candidate! Vote Trump!" Watch Full Video:👉👉.
"Let's Be Clear Donald Trump is the America FIRST candidate, 76% of Americans Say They Want Change!" http….
While we prep for tonight’s #debate, worth noting has refused to debate & Jill Stein..
#TrumpVSHillary: Who will win tonight's #debate?.
Making some special election-themed drinks for debate night..
Who's watching tonight's #debate? We're discussing predictions 8p(et) right here, get ready:.
She has chopped it, grown it, tucked it, dyed it, and shaped it for each new chapter in her life:.
One has a detailed, thoughtful answer.
We love her!.
He's really risking complete ostracization ..
American Horror Story: launches special election coverage.
Read more:.
Yep, I loathed hoaxing media but Ken Bone was too far even for me. I am going to launch my "journalism on journalists" site….
So much for his stance on.
Watch it all unfold live:.
You realize you are literally using this man as a prop, right? I mean, you get how offensive this is, right?.
Predicts Most Lopsided Latino Voting Presidential Margin Ever.
"The nightmare continues. I am revolted to hear someone brag about sexually assaulting a woman." - Mort Zuckerman.
⚡️ “Eminem's new freestyle targets Donald.
Former TV reporter accuses of sexual assault.
Mark Cuban is so much better than Chris Matthews. Give Mark a job on MSNBC #debate.
More anti-Catholic emails from Team.
He'll be DEAD soon! HRC w/end #1A Officials Confident WikiLeaks Participated in Russian Hacking Scheme via.
SCOOTER LIBBY & GENERALS HELT TO HIGHER.
Popular vote tracker:.
LIVE STREAM VIDEO:….
This is amazing..
We need more Zingers like this for #debatenight.
Are you ready for #debatenight-- Vegas edition? Read up!.
Gingrich: "reacts very intensely, almost uncontrollably" | Getty.
When a Republican mob shut down a completely legal automatic recount, that was kind of rigging an election.
Be careful will cite this as proof positive of election.
In a perfect black voters world during election night 😂😂#ObamaThirdTerm #RipShawtyLo #2016Elections #WeWantMichelle.
JUST IN: 50 of 54 economists said Clinton's platform likely to generate best U.S. economic outcome in long-term - Reut….
Supporting Hillary Clinton while reckoning with Bill's sexual past, by.
"Hillary Clinton is loyal, smart, inspir-".
Report: Google Search Bias Protecting Hillary Clinton Confirmed in Experiment - Breitbart.
New Emails Show Hillary Clinton Contacts with Bryan Pagliano – Raise New Questions About Her Sworn Testimony.
Hilary Clinton is too confident :/.
Hilary Clinton. A very special thank you to Donald Trump. #trump #hilary #clinton #hilaryclinto….
Welcome 2 #SleeplessInLagos with It's d Final Show down feat Hilary Clinton & Donald Trump! Liste….
If u think Hilary Clinton is any better than Donald Trump, watch this.
Mr. #Trump has a long history of sexually assaulting and being sexist to women. Hilary #Clinton has never raped any….
Madonna Offers Blowjobs In Exchange For Votes For Hilary Clinton.
An aid to Hilary #Clinton: she has an "inability to communicate genuine #feelings of remorse and regret... " #wikileak….
Clinton campaign manager says it's OK for illegals to vote..
Hillary Clinton Special Message for Americans tonight. She hates EVERYONE except Muslims and Top 1% who give $ to Clinton F….
After the debate, each campaign will unleash a small army of spinmeisters. How important is their role?.
Looking for a livestream of the final presidential #Debate? One is right.
Ahead of tonight's final presidential debate, here are some of Bernie's best takedowns of Donald Trump. #debatenight.
Check out my live stream or bid to join my show! #Bidchat #Comedian #debate.
CONFIRMED: Russia is Deploying its ENTIRE Northern Fleet (and part of its Baltic Fleet) to Syria for Battle. #Debate.
#2016Election As we get ready to watch tonight's #debate ... 2/3 of Americans do not vote. I was able to get two more to….
Trump's kids have donated more to previous Hillary campaigns than to his campaign. $8k to  her, Zero to him.
Obama to Trump: "Stop whining and try to earn votes"...God, I love #WhinyLittleBitch #NeverTrump #debate.
Maybe there's a reason Donald Trump refuses to release a real plan to combat ISIS. #Debate.
Women accuse Trump of sexual assault: Wall to wall media coverage..
Donald Trump bragged about sexual assault—but we won’t let him normalize it by bringing his extreme agenda to DC:.
Ivanka Trump: My Father Will 'Accept The Outcome Either Way'. Sure, tell that to his fans that he's already fueled.  h….
#debatenight FUTURE Election results Trump wins #Hillary #PayToPlay fraud situation goes to special prosecutor….
So it's these six witnesses vs. Trump's ex-butler who called for Obama to be killed. Cool..
✅  Trump will stand stage right.
Trump Campaign Airs Six New Ads in Battleground States.
Most accurate National poll shows Trump ahead by 1 point #TrumpTrain #maga #TrumpPence16.
Clergywomen: 'Trump has not offered true repentance'.
‘Most accurate’ poll: Trump leads Hillary by 1 via Told ya so....
Gen. Michael Flynn tells me Trump "is much more honest than other politicians." Says polls do not show he's losing..
Trump's misogyny has galvanized the feminist movement with more force than any political issue in generations..
Me if Donald trump wins the election 😩😐🔫.
Good article placing Trump in a broader context of anti-pluralism & the risk of democratic breakdown.
“Donald Trump’s higher ed ‘plan’ will explode the student debt crisis” by ThinkProgress.
Trump once said he has the 'world's greatest memory.' 17 times he forgot his own words (from July).
Donald Trump will accept election result, win or lose: Ivanka: Ivanka Trump, the daughter of Republican presi....
Even after all the slime and slander againt him, the new IBD/TIPP poll—the most accurate poll in 2012, has #Trump +1 http….
The new Quinnipiac poll finds that 59% say Trump has no sense of decency:.
Im more concerned about the actions of #HillaryClinton actions than what #Trump may say.
Donald Trump is good at one thing—driving his companies into the ground..
Young republicans practicing "the trump maneuver".
Today both & pointed out there's more evidence that Trump committed sexual assault than there is of v….
#ImWithHer and will be watching the final #debate LIVE on Twitter Wednesday night..
#ImWithHer and will be watching the final #debate LIVE on Twitter tonight!.
I'm on the #TrumpTrain and will be watching the final #debate LIVE on Twitter tonight!.
#WapoWankers softening the battlefield in case #Trump wins debate tonight..
LIVE on #Periscope: Mark Cuban at the #debate.
RETWEET if you think Donald Trump will win the debate tonight. #Debate.
What do you want to hear Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump say in the final #debate? Watch live on CNN at 9pm ET.
TONIGHT: Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump meet for the final presidential debate. Watch and stream it live on.
Clergywomen: 'Trump has not offered true repentance' 🐷#PredatorTrump🐷 #debate.
Don't Miss LIVE Trump/RSBN #Debate Pregame Show from Spin Room in LV!.
Healthy democracies depend on unwritten rules. Donald Trump has trampled all over them #debate ht….
BREAKING: "Wall of Taco Trucks" Formed Outside Trump's Vegas Hotel In Protest, Registering New Voters #Debate.
I liked a video CNN live News live FINAL DEBATE DONALD TRUMP HILLARY CLINTON LIVE FOX Stream.
I prefer these Trump and Hilary Clinton, they are more reliable: … Good night everyone. #LearningEnglish #Debate.
Trump, Clinton rage in most tweeted debate of all time: The presidential candidates waste no time hurling insults….
Hillary hired a private investigator to intimidate and harass Bill's many victims. She was complicit #debate #debateni….
Folks: Wikileaks is compromised. Russia knew exactly where to look to take my words & put them in HRC friend's mouth ht….
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Holds Rally in Wilkes-Barre, PA 10/10/16 via.
Donald Trump Sexually Assaulted Jill Harth.
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Holds Rally in Wilkes-Barre, PA 10/10/16.
Tiffany Trump Completely Dodged A Kiss From Donald And No One Can Blame Her.
Dear Donald Trump: Some gentlemanly advice: Dear Donald — I was delighted to hear your declaration at Sunday ....
26k WATCHING - LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Holds Rally in Wilkes-Barre, PA 10/10/16 -.
Dear Donald Trump: Some gentlemanly advice: Dear Donald — I was delighted to hear your de... #mashable.
Warren Buffett stuffs Donald Trump's tax lies right back in his orange-tinted face.
TO WIN THE PRESIDENCY!!!.
Huge: Rudy Giuliani says Hillary Clinton's camp tried to have the women Bill raped removed from the front row. #Debate #….
Welcome to the Bone Zone #KenBone #Debate (h/t Jon Glaser).
The latest Green twitters Daily News! Thanks to #debate.
The latest Shestokas Daily Law Bulletin! Thanks to #debate #tcot.
The latest The Reporter! Thanks to #debate….
During the #debate, struggled once again to coherently explain his policies..
So, Trump acknowledges that there are likely more tapes in which he says "inappropriate" things. 😂 #debate #TrumpTapes http….
Get ready for election season in Florida #trustno1.
Our health care is sacrosanct. It makes us Canadian. Here: "How many Canadians use American health care?" #debate.
I've greatly appreciated everything Mr. Rather has written this election cycle. Wise words..
Yep but come election day I will run my truck 2 polls w/ as many trump voters as necessary folk wear red!!2 show ou….
True Philanthropist BUFFET!.
Detroit Free Press -.
Embarrassing Photos Of The Clintons - WIKILEAKS Stockhomles more to come on Emails Hilary Clinton her family.
He would say: Well first Bill Clinton said it, then Obama, & now Hilary. I just finished saying they do. I am the o….
One of the most shared essays about Hillary Clinton of the entire election. #StrongerTogether #ImWit….
FiveThirtyEight's polls-only forecast gives Clinton an 83% chance of winning the presidency.
Comment: The author is absolutely correct: The 'politics of fear,' as we now see, has been honed in to something l….
Clinton at 79% in our conservative, polls-plus forecast, which is tied for her high on the year. 82% in polls-only. http….
The State Department releases a new batch of Hillary Clinton emails.
The View’s Joy Behar calls Bill Clinton’s rape victims “tramps,” liberal audience laughs via.
New emails reveal the rituals and dynamics between the Clinton campaign and friendly journalists..
Indeed. Hopefully this will mean that Co-operative Values and Principles will play a part in winning the election of Hil….
Glad the US election is finally settling down 👽.
"The Most Important Decisions In Election" | The Second Presidential Deb... via.
Great to be back on the trail in NC! Americans have a choice this election between two candidates and two futures. Let's ch….
Absolutely the best thing from this election.
Pivotal Election.
This is so funny 😂 😂.
“It is obvious that you could easily lose this election.” Trump's truest supporters are getting nervous….
How important is your VOTE this Election Day? Well, we'll let them tell you..
If this is not a guilty face idk what is #debate.
"We particularly want young people to vote, because this is YOUR election more than anybody else's!" #OH….
This is good..
This is how plans to take on the Wall Street :).
how is this election real.
"America is great because we're good" -Hilary Clinton #dumbest #quote #ever doesn't even make sense #debate.
Rotten Hillary threatens to arrest black man for wearing "Bill Clinton is a rapist" t-shirt.  She is super predator!.
Haha... Donald Trump & Hilary Clinton sing together! via.
I liked a video Donald Trump & Hilary Clinton sing together!.
I love this!!! I don't agree with everything Donald Trump says or does but he is WAY better than Hilary Clinton!!.
Emails Reveal Hilary Clinton And Huma Had A Special Relationship via.
The fallout from a meltdown: A new post-debate podcast featuring and.
The best tweet I read about the debate was "No babies will be born 10 months from tonite"...they weren't watching....
Do you really need more evidence that #TrumpWon the #Debate? Now I know why didn't do a poll this time👊🇺🇸.
The best meme I've seen so far from the #debate..
a great read before watching the #debate.
Wikileaks Shows Team Hillary Struggled to Think of a Good Email Joke:  Hillary Clinton repeatedly struggled t....
Most Sanders Democratic Convention Delegates Are Not Ready to Vote for Clinton, New Poll Finds.
Top Clinton Foundation Executive Pondered Drowning Herself In Car to Escape Bill & Chelsea’s Skullduggery.
Bill Clinton’s bodyguard: He saw women ‘purely to be graded, purely to be chased, dominated, conquered’.
Clinton staff debated how much 'outrage' to show lawmakers over Benghazi, leaked emails show.
Voter registration deadlines are fast approaching. Find out your state's here: #debate.
"I have great respect for women." who said all of these things. #Debate.
bruh y'all too quick lmfaooo #debate.
A touching duet from last night's #debate. #JUSTREMEMBER!!.
Wow.  In leaked #PodestaEmails2 they describe ISIS' advance as "an opportunity" - BOMBSHELL #debate #debates2….
looked completely rattled and quite frankly unhinged." #debate.
Just like in the first debate, Trump wins the opening because he names specific problems. #Debate.
The #BenghaziFour could not attend the #Debate so Trump had these brave #Women attend in their place..
This is a big blow to what Trump thought was a gimme in Fla, an endorsement first-.
Donald Trump's pledge to "jail" Hillary Clinton is unprecedented #debate.
What exactly is Trump trying to do here while Hillary is answering a question. #debate.
I know many have seen this before, but I wanted to since it is such a warm, genuine reminder of why we need Hillary Ro….
Not important who cares all we need to know is TRUMP will make America great again.
Ever wonder why loyal and successful Trump primary staff were let go after their primaries?.
If Trump stands by what he said about women as “locker room talk,” he's clearly not sorry..
Agree about BB. O'Dell hasn't said anything until now. I'm for trump but he should know better. Surprised he wasn't….
Polls show Trump in free fall.  NBC/WSJ Hillary +14%. SM +7%, GOP shill Rasmussen +7%, Virginia+12%.
WATCH LIVE: Trump campaign rally in Wilkes-Barre Township, Pennsylvania..
Me if Donald trump wins the election 😩😐🔫.
Dear Donald Trump: I played in the NFL. Here’s what we really talk about in the locker room. via.
Donald Trump’s Best Moment Made Anderson Cooper Chastise the Audience.
#PodestaEmails2 More proof of Bill's Vile treatment of Women + MORE Hillary Clinton Treason/Crimes ! FU Paul Ryan !! ht….
"It's a good thing Trump isn't in charge of the law in this country.".
Trump getting this far alone should tell you how ridiculous and backwards minded many right wingers are. That's none of….
The Campaign's Least Surprising ‘Surprise’: Trump's sexist behavior has been documented--over and over (and over).
Donald #Trump threatened to instruct his #AG to investigate #Hilary Clinton: But would that be legal? Answers here:.
Donald Trump today: "I consider myself in a certain way to be a blue collar worker.".
"I consider myself, in a certain way, to be a blue-collar worker" -- Donald Trump in Pennsylvania today.
Clinton in 1975 represented a man accused of raping a 12-year-old, Trump said she laughed at victim. That's False..
New NBC/WSJ poll shows Hilary up by double-digits!.
Great town hall in Charlotte, NC! If we carry out our duty this election and choose freedom and strength, we will #MakeAmer….
How many did have? #smallcrowds #smallhands #election.
ken bone: u kno why they call me ken bone right 😏.
Trump’s truest believers start to worry: ‘You could easily lose this election’.
Trump’s truest believers start to worry: "You could easily lose this election".
Muslim Americans responded to Donald Trump’s Islamophobia with a brilliant hashtag.
In order to protect Trump, Republicans are denying that it’s sexual assault to, well, sexually….
Fine, here's Trump humping a chair set to Pony.
“Tweet me your first assaults,” “locker room talk” and #MuslimsReportStuff. Twitter responds to Trump's comments..
Goodwill for among progressive operatives is eroding thanks to WikiLeaks | AP Photo h….
Hilary Clinton whacks Rudy Giuliani at the #AlSmithDinner and his reaction is amazing..
Good. I look forward to a zero-honeymoon presidency. Democracy means staying engaged. #PodestaEmails14.
I'm proud of your part in this piece, you said what needed to be said. We will stay on their asses!.
Liberals will use wikileaks to oppose Clinton policy deemed GOOD!.
An American former DNC staffer, SETH RICH  (since murdered).
Celine a Scene of the zinger on For more LIKE -> #debate #de….
Good. An organized opposition to her (including preparation for a 2020 primary challenge) should begin immediately..
The final Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton #debate drew reaction from Katy Perry, John Legend, Ne-Yo and many more!.
Watching the #debate tonight with a pair of sunglasses right out of #TheyLive -.
We talk #debate, election, and Trump with non other than on #LWC! FULL SHOW >>.
#Trump Wins #Breitbart #Debate #Poll Despite Massive Foreign Pro-Clinton Infiltration. #Hillary favors GLOBALIST..
Citizens of Brussels Have An Important Message For Americans Heading To The Polls This Year #MAGA  #Debate #MelaniaTrump.
Chris Wallace on what surprised him at #debate: "Their distaste for each other...they didn't shake hands at the beginning...at….
#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate.
Wow, what a doofus. Hilary pegged her followers right - illiterate.  - -.
Trump has no idea he's being played, and Putin's loving every minute of it! #Debate #TrumpIsPutinsPuppet.
I wish there were more #debate nights....
Donald Trump really needs to quit saying "the African Americans" #debate.
So #CrookedHillary evidently finds pushing gay people off of buildings funny..
RT💥 💥 Trolling 🐸 CNN  🐸 #Debate Night Please RT& Follow Him We Need Trump #MAGA3x 2 Win This! #FridayFeeling….
#CrookedHillary's plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate.
What exactly is Trump trying to do here while Hillary is answering a question. #debate.
Prof. Stephen Cohen masterfully explained the new US-Russia cold war, no name calling. #Detente , #notwar.
The latest The Lillian Boachie Daily! #anamasters #debate.
Watch online to learn amazing things about #history of #Jesus of #Bible, the #God of #Christian #Church.….
Chris Wallace: "One of the keys to this #debate, more than I anticipated, was going to be making decisions on the fly." #FoxNe….
Chris Wallace on what surprised him most at #debate : "Their distaste for each other...they didn't shake hands.".
Most clever election tweet ever tweeted.
Man, this election is going to reverberate forever. With luck, it will seem like just a bizarre, freaky, sort of funny n….
This was the most accurate poll of the 2012 election and currently shows Trump winning by +1 nati….
This election is much more than Trump vs. Clinton. It's old America vs. new America.
America in this whole election.
US election: Trump takes aim at First Lady Michelle Obama.
Think Trump will be doing More Business with Russia after election.
RealClearPolitics - Election 2016 - General Election: Trump vs. Clinton.
Again-if we don't win this election it'll be bc dead people,illegals& criminals stole from us😡.
How is not being able to access Twitter on election day going to stop people from voting?.
The Democrats have 73% chance of winning control of the Senate:.
LIVE on #Periscope: Departing Las Vegas, Nevada with our #debate winner, Off to Ohio for a rally ….
DNC 4 Hire Rigged Election UnderCover Report Proves Hillary is Inciting Violence w Hired Thugs via.
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Newtown, PA LIVE Stream 10/21/16.
Smart of Trump to not promise to accept the election results if he lost.
I have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. I do not want Donald Trump to be their president..
Deplorable and proud of it! (Plus a bunch of Clinton voters in the background)..
I liked a video BUSTED! Hillary Superpac PAYING OFF NBC WSJ Clinton FAKE +11 Point Poll lead.
Rappers 50 Cent & Young Jeezy, love that Donald Trump isn't politicly correct. (Warning Strong Language).
Is it true that 17 intelligence agencies think the election hacks are coming from Russia?.
Huge surge last night in Google searches for how to donate to Clinton's campaign. (Much bigger than for Trump.).
“It’s becoming clear that, to him, most of America is ‘them.’” on Donald Trump.
45) Comey also acknowledged that those familiar w/ classification laws might infer those emails were not classified.
VERY IRONIC: "In 2010 video, Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ‘sensitive information’".
Rosie O'Donnell Channels Beyonce in Latest Donald Trump Diss: Rosie O'Donnell made a pretty solid Beyonce ref....
WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camp’s work with ‘VERY friendly and malleable reporters’.
Just 5.7 Percent Of Clinton Foundation Budget Actually Went To Charitable Grants via.
Trump Says Full Steam Ahead in Final Stretch of Campaign, Promises Punishing Schedule to the Finish.
This election is about our grandmothers & great grandmothers.
Donald Trump says he will win PA in 18 days. Big cheers on ending common core and replacing Obamacare….
endorses Clinton: She "is far better than Trump or anyone else running. She should be president.".
"This is our final shot," and "Either we win this election or we lose our country.".
You know what a #NastyWoman is good at? Voting. #debate.
Full interview: #ClintonScandals #Clinto….
Thx for finding a technical way to open the most recent presidential debate..
Whoops: Pro-Donald Trump super PAC publishes donor credit card numbers via.
WHY POLLS ARE WRONG AND TRUMP LANDSLIDE WIN IS COMING.
Cash Flowed to Clinton Foundation Amid Russian Uranium Deal - The New York Times.
Good piece: We saw a new Hillary Clinton on Wednesday night, the Shade Queen that America deserves - LA Times.
He is a 70 yr old Billionaire.  He doesn't ha….
Its a disgrace. If GOP backed trump and media was fair this election would be a landslide for trump!.
No one shows for , no way she is winning!!!  Go Trump!.
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name “500 different examples” of conflicts of interest..
'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog'.
Anyone else see the Irony of #DonnaBrazile complaining about a leaked email that proves she leaked information?.
Clearly, he understands how important defeating Trump is..
Donald #Trump is interrupted by his own BUTT GAS..
Thanks to alternative media and true journalism, the American voting scam has been revealed - #e….
Former Democrat, Supporting Trump "We Want America First Again!" Clean Out Washington! Full Vid.
Trump is a very tiny and insignificant thing compared to Salma. She's a real person..
I liked a video Reuters: US Election Rigged Trump Is Right.
A stunning, brave, heartbreaking piece. Still trying to find words. God bless you,.
I liked a video from Fact-Checking Hillary Clinton's Presidential Debate Lies.
10-21-2016 A Beautiful Donald Trump Rally in Johnstown PA - People want change - Make America Great Again Thanks! htt….
BREAKING NOW: Clinton Pay To Play Scheme Has Campaign On Full Alert (VIDEO) -.
Trump's Clueless Debate Answers Spawn Hilarious #TrumpBookReport Tweets #p2 #TopProg #NeverTrump….
New post: Ten ways Hillary Clinton might have done even better.
Swing & a miss. I thought it cool HRC name-checked me bc I have a sense of humor. Trump LOVES my tweets & TV appearance….
cute :-) I love Trump voters!.
WATCH – Black Teen Makes AMAZING Video to Support TRUMP – It’s Spreading Like Wildfire!.
WATCH – Joy Behar MELTS DOWN On Live TV After Trump’s Big Debate Win, She’s INSANE.
Hollywood is full of clueless movie stars w/ nothing better to do than to knock Trump. More on #BFT:.
Trump: No one has more respect for women than me. No one..
Economists: A #Trump win would tank the markets..
I believe we can do much better:.
Why I've decided to stop supporting Trump.
Tonight’s podcast: is OK with killing a babv until 1-day-old, #Trump is running alone, more. #tcot.
Arkansas and Mississippi knows you will have a big #debate  win tonight. We are all sending you prayers🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 h….
Will the real racist please stand up!  Hillary Clinton, you don't fool most of us, and many others are catching on..
Join me Oct 19 8pm Theme: Scared! Unlike #debate, stories must be as true as you remember.
Women accuse Trump of sexual assault: Wall to wall media coverage..
Video PROVING Hillary camp incited violence at Trump rallies should be FIRST question at #debate.
CROWD WILD #CNNSUCKS #CNNSUCKS.
BERNIE WOULD HAVE BEEN SOMETHING SPECIAL IN HISTORY.
Thug life version of the best moment in #debate in recorded.
This is a true story...amazing but true..
make her choke on her own quotes at #Debate  keep throwing them at her! These, corruption reveale….
Danny Elfman has scored Trump stalking Hilary  Clinton around the stage... and it perfectly captures the creepiness.
BACKLASH FROM THE MEDIA INTENSE.
#Ask Questions #Answer #Question #Debate create #Polls easy login with #Twitter #socialmedia.
CROOKED HRC WANTS TO RAISE TAXES SO YOU UNDERSTAND.
make her choke on her own quotes at #Debate  keep throwing them at her! These, corruption revealed by wik….
Hillary: "They go low, we go high". Really! #debate #Election2016 #birdDogging #FLSenDebate #HillaryBecause #MAGA.
WE HAVE OUR GENERALS, SHERIFFS AND MORE.
Trump rightly suggests Hillary be drug tested. Watch this video I made from the first #debate and tell me there isnt someth….
In his own words...#DontTrump #Debate #Trump2016 #DonaldTrump #HillaryClinton #Debates #SaveTheDay #IVoted #HillaryBecause #….
It must be nice to not be subject to the same laws and standards as EVERYONE ELSE. #NeverHillary #debate….
I'll be watching the final #debate with Clinton and Trump LIVE on Twitter Wednesday night..
bruh y'all too quick lmfaooo #debate.
#PodestaEmails10 is one more than #PodestaEmails9 and 2More than #PodestaEmails8😉 #Debate will be interesting if we all rea….
Watch & in the last presidential #debate LIVE on Twitter - 11:30am AEST on Thursday.
Larry Flynt offers up to $1 million for 'scandalous' audio or video of Donald Trump.
Great write-up in the Washington-Times about us and our.
Windfall: The Best Explanation Of Donald Trump's $916 Million Tax Loss.
Donald Trump Is Winning | Bill Mitchell and Stefan Molyneux.
The only "large scale voter fraud" going on this year is the Donald J. Trump presidential campaign..
Clinton camp and Dem allies are recruiting and training hundreds of lawyers to protect right to vote.
WHY ARE U IGNORING THIS ??? MOST VIEWED VIDEO THRUOUT THE ELECTION SHARE THIS W UR….
Donald Trump Confesses He Found 12-Yr-Old Paris Hilton Attractive, watched her sextape w Melania via….
Latino working families are key to defeating Donald Trump, writes in a new op-ed.
Swing State Spotlight: Since 1912, Nevada has voted for the winning candidate in every presidential election with the….
#separationagreement w/#NBC incl. #NO #noncompeteclause, meaning is free to #seek #work elsewhere right away.
I WOKE UP TO A VIDEO OF THE LEGEND ROBERT DeNIRO SAYING HOW HE WANTS TO THROW THEM HANDS WITH DONALD TRUMP.  💯💯💯.
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election:.
#NeverTrump is going to look more and more attractive to people as the election draws closer. #fb.
Hitting Trump where it hurts!! HIS NAME BRAND! -The New Protesters Defying Donald Trump: His Customers, via htt….
Sweet Cheeses!.
#ImWithHer for MANY reasons, one of which is that LGBTQ+ rights are very much at stake in this election..
The New Protesters Defying Donald Trump: His Customers, via.
"This Billionaire Once Bashed Women's Right To Vote, Now He's Donating To Trump"  by Emily Peck -.
#mondaymotivation Just completed my vote by mail ballot for the 11/8/16 election! Proud to vote for #ClintonKaine and all….
"One of them is very professionally run and does a lot of work.The other...seems to be more focused on Donald Trump" h….
Fox's sudden concern for Assange is the most delightful development of this election..
"We are contracted directly with the DNC and the campaign both.".
#BIRDDOGGING RIGGING A ELECTION PAID FOR BY THE A SUPER PACK IN COLLUSION WITH THE HILLARY CLINTON CAMPAIGN EXPOSED.
OMFG Bahahahahha LOVE IT #PodestaEmails10 #Wikileaks Look at this Video Donald Trump Posted on Hillary Clinton bahahah….
HOLY GOD. EVERYONE NEEDS TO RETWEET THIS. FULL VIDEO IMPORTANT VIDEO OF THE ELECTION….
"Heroic & talented Bruce Springsteen: 'Donald Trump is undermining the entire democratic tradition'" #UGA #Dunwoody.
#Veritas and #TrumpRallies are trending on right now because of our video release today!.
More importantly, Donald Trump is sti….
Extremely long lines form at Atlanta-area polling locations on the first day of early voting in Georgia. h….
John McCain: "I don't know" if Trump will be better for Supreme Court than Clinton.
The FBI file on Hillary #Clinton has been updated with another 100 pages and includes handy ebook reader format.
Catherine Herridge: “FBI records make clear that Patrick Kennedy…wanted to do a deal w/ the FBI over the classification of Cli….
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED! h….
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide:.
Great story by on how Trump's bankruptcies screwed his employees out of millions..
CNN host to Trump: ‘Inventing a conspiracy’ about election rigging is ‘no way to make America great’.
Trump: "Of course, there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day.".
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: by #realDonaldTrump via.
I'm trying to imagine the type of person who goes to an Amy Schumer show but really loves Donald Trump.
Melania Trump interview goes comically awry as “Billy Bush Made Me Do It” takes over Twitter.
The DNC and Hillary Clinton paid for riots and incited violence! Many ppl hurt 👮🏻 included! Hillary  is laughi….
BREAKING: James O’Keefe releases NEW VIDEO on Hillary, DNC inciting VIOLENCE at Trump rallies.
Melania Trump says her husband was egged on by Billy Bush when he made sexually aggressive remarks http….
answers the most important question: Why should his supporters vote for Hillary Clinton? (a NowThis exclus….
We are shamed that our political system allowed BHO 2 win election second time after 1st dismal performance. Gotta get….
Demand Texas Attorney General INVESTIGATE Clinton Foundations for RICO Crimes.  SIGN PETITION:.
NBC News fires Billy Bush after lewd Donald Trump tape airs: NEW YORK (AP) - NBC News has fired "Today" show host….
He should resign, but of course, he won't. And people wonder why Trump is popular?  Kennedy is just ONE reason..
Undercover Video By Project Veritas Shows The DNC Instigated Much Of The Violence Present At Trump Events.
WIKILEAKS: A top State official asked the FBI to make classified an email related to the 2012 attack in Benghazi..
CNN’s Chalian Emails Reinforce That The Clinton’s Play By Their Own Rules, People Don’t Trust Her.
Sheriff David Clarke was FANTASTIC at Trump's rally in #Wisconsin!.
new ad says he stands up to Trump. Funny because he spent 2016 hiding in elevators to avoid answering questions a….
"He's fine with the system when he wins the primary, but now he's pre-emptively claiming precinct-level fraud?".
Great rally in Mason! Ohio knows we need to win on Election Day to stop tidal wave of corruption and job-….
The new protesters defying Donald Trump: his.
State Dept. security personnel disliked Hillary Clinton so much that many left the agency or asked to be reassigned.
This tweet pretty much sums up the entire 2016 Presidential election....
Here's a GREAT link from & will be on his radio show during 4PM EST hour.
Clinton's lead is big enough that her win probability is maxing out a bit. Our model gets conservative at the tails of t….
My latest cover story on Trump will be posted online tomorrow morning on Be sure to….
Wow if we donate Right Now to the Trump campaign he's gonna send us this FANCY Black card do you think its Real Pla….
Melania Trump breaks her near silence to defend her husband: “We are moving on”.
Are you going to watch me #BreakTheBlackout Wednesday night? Get more #debate information and RSVP here:.
So basically Melania wants you to believe Trump was egged on by Billy Bush but will handle himself well against Russia,….
#BillyBushMadeMeDoIt Melania Trump interview goes comically awry as “Billy Bush Made Me Do It” takes over Twitter.
So #CrookedHillary evidently finds pushing gay people off of buildings funny..
STRONG, SMART, BEAUTIFUL.
Okay I just lost it 😂.
•2016: Use Honest Abe as excuse for lies….
An American former DNC staffer, SETH RICH  (since murdered).
Dana Bash: Is your DC hotel opening free advertising?.
Our very own Patrick Murphy receiving millions from Soros don't let them steal out election #TrumpPence16 #NeverHillar….
This man has no clue! How much more racist can he get? On second thought, don't answer that!!.
This election is more important than ever,  our children's lives & futures are at stake. Please #VoteTrum….
This shocking video shows what millions of Americans fear most in this election, with good reason:.
Key sound bite from FLOTUS: Challenging "rigged election" claims, saying "they are trying to get you to stay home".
This was an instant classic election Vine.
Election officials say they are confident that any incorrect votes are due to "voter error", not rigging.
How has new media shaped this election? #VoteLikeAGirl.
“If Hillary doesn’t win this election, that will be on us.” let that happen: ht….
Spookyleaks: You need to let people know that Hillary threatened Russia militarily, first..
to Jeb: "How do you live with yourself, you know?" | AP Photo.
"we need to clean this up" -- Clinton campaign panics after Obama misleads public over Clinton emails.
'Make Soros happy': Inside Clinton team's mission to please billionaire VIP via the App.
#RT CNN: Republicans are already promising years of investigations and blocked nominees if Hillary Clinton wins th….
Latest WikiLeaks email dump ties Clinton Foundation to personal enrichment claims.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton voters divided over what makes a "strong democracy".
Statistical Tie: Latest Breitbart/Gravis Poll Shows Donald Trump Closes the Gap with Less Than Two Weeks Left.
probably the best Donald Trump vine.
Martin Shkreli says he’ll release his entire music collection to the public if Donald Trump wins.
Abandoning Donald Trump and, for Some Women, the G.O.P., Too - The New York Times.
Hillary Clinton In 2013: “I Would Like To See People Like Donald Trump Run For Office; They’re Honest And Can’t Be ….
US economy could lose up to 5 pct if Donald Trump wins that's = to $1 Trillion! #GOTVforHRC #VoteBlueDownBallot.
VIDEO: Clinton Supporters Beat HOMELESS Woman For Defending Trump's New Hollywood Star, She Vows To Remain via and….
So... Donald Trump's Hail Mary with 12 days to go is a "New Deal" for black people ... mainly involving more police and hel….
Trump: Sure, I bet you regret giving money to the….
Will be interesting if it figures into the "all Clinton had to do was beat Trump" post-election discussion..
And after Trump's tape and the women who came forward, we were going to have a national conversation on sexual assault?….
Exclusive — Statistical Tie: Latest Breitbart/Gravis Poll Shows Donald Trump Closes the Gap with Less Than Two….
Donald Trump attends the New York Observer's 2013 Young Philanthropy event at PHD Rooftop Lounge at.
Social Security reform is on the ballot this year too that there's much mention of….
The polls disagree, and that's OK..
Even Clinton's most senior aides were unprepared for the scale of the email scandal:.
It's just the culture created by this election. McCarthyites have always revealed far more about themselves than their smea….
is CREDIBLE from the.
CNN host gets REALLY triggered when calls it the "Clinton News Network". 😆.
This Video Could Win The Election For Trump via take 5min watch this. Amazing.
Election POLLS are RIGGED!!  TRUMP IS WINNING! via.
It was a great day in #Arizona today. Thanks for all the amazing support: Donald Trump Jr. speaks at ASU in Tempe.
Fred Trump's record of racial discrimination as a landlord was so famous that Woody Guthrie wrote a song about it:.
"People are sick of the same old same old in DC" ~~Donald Trump JR ~~  It's time 4change &time we elect that change!.
Inside the Trump Bunker: More depression and denial than the last days of the Third Reich.
Good morning everyone especially the person who destroyed Donald Trump's walk of fame star.
the man who destroyed donald trump's hollywood walk of fame star said he did it for sexual assault victims. not all heroes….
The best part: these people's certainty about Trump winning comes from *everyone in their neighborhood voting Trump. "And t….
Trump stands a real chance of being the biggest loser elections via A PERSON'S CHARACHTER IS THEIR FATE.
Republicans are already promising years of investigations and blocked nominees if Hillary Clinton wins the election.
FREE rides to the polls on Election Day! Just show your Voter Card to your PCPT bus driver Nov. 8 and cast your vote! #….
Why would the "most qualified person" ever to run need to spend $2million on focus groups 2 yrs before the election to….
Forget the 3am call. Hillary needed someone to ‘Sober Her Up’ at 4:30 in the afternoon! #Red….
This 'Clinton Inc.' story is the latest sign Hillary's campaign is sputtering to the finish line.
This is the most critical election of our lifetime! Now is the time to pray and vote! via.
More #Wikileaks: Whoever gave #Hillary the go-ahead to use private email, Neera Tanden of the Clinton camp wants them "dr….
Really good discussion on the election and divided electorate.
#debate Fucking Priceless!!! 😂😂😂😂.
WikiLeaks continues firing blanks: Bill Clinton and Clinton Foundation charity come up clean #PredatorTrump.
There's no #debate if delivers Votes wins!.
What a night great 1 liners!#Debates2016  #debatenight  #debate  #debates  #TrumpVsClinton #PresidentialDebate #TrumpTrain….
Worked w/ to visualize viewer #brain activity during final #debate Fascinating insights ✨:.
We are excited 2 see history made Nov 8 when HRC wins! #ImWithHer #StrongerTogether #debate #debates….
Ready to vote? Consider how changes like tax reform could impact your finances. #debate.
Wow! Donald Trump took aim at his rival, Hilary.
Women Vets Talk About Donald Trump, a true #BlueFalcon. #MAGA #debate #TrumpPence16 Watch &.
New David Duke ad: Vote for Donald Trump and David Duke..
VOTED FOR DONALD J TRUMP  ON TUESDAY OCT 25TH.  We Love You #Trump2016.
Trump is planning a coup...:-).
NEW AD ONE RACIST SUPPORTING ANOTHER DAVID DUKE FOR DONALD TRUMP!.
MUST WATCH: MSNBC interviews black women voters about Donald Trump. Very powerful! Share this video!.
Thanks Everyone, Watch My Latest Video Here "Ten Reasons Why You Should Vote For Donald Trump!" #MAGA Watch Here 👉👉htt….
A SMARTMATIC Logo Is A Fixed Soros Voting Machine DEMAND A PAPER BALLOT!  Wear Red 4 Trump!.
Shark Tank’s Barbara Corcoran talks about time she was pregnant & at business meeting with Trump & he started talking about h….
DONALD TRUMP for President 2016  "Make America Great Again" #Unbranded.
Bumped into Trump Jr today in Phoenix. Genuine, sincere guy! Man I'm over career politicians!.
At 103 years old this Beautiful lady says nothing will stop her from casting her vote for Donald J Trump for President N….
'He Really Grabbed My Butt': Latest Accuser Claims She Was Groped By Trump In 2006 via.
Trump gets litigious, AT&T gets bigger, wins bigly: Your weekend news digest.
on #debate attack on "I thought that was one of his best answers of the night." #Th….
live feed of Obama watching the #debate.
Tonight at the #debate will make sure won't be cheating by using ↑↑↓↓←→←→BA.
Best Ad ever.. #Obama spilling the beans on #Hillary #Debate #ImWithHer #DWTS #TheVoice #NLCS #Cubs #O….
LIVE STREAM: InfoWars Coverage U.S Presidential Election 2016 - Donald Trump VS Hilary Clinton - YouTube ….
Some Donald Trump Voters Warn of Revolution if Hillary Clinton Wins: #Trump #Hillary.
Hilary Clinton confirmed that US operatives supported the "green revolutionaries" in Iran.
Who is supporting who? Latest news on Celebrity and Political Supporters of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.
Buuuut he doesn't dismantle a Hilary Clinton anything after she defends a rapist of a 12 year old??? Riiiiiiight. M….
Early voting phase of "Hillary Clinton for president" complete.  Hail Hydra..
Women accuse Trump of sexual assault: Wall to wall media coverage..
IRS officials aware since 2011 of targeting of Obama.
Former Miss Finland Ninni Laaksonen today became the 12th woman to come forward to accuse Trump of sexual assault.
.Trump's Sex Trafficking Of 14yo Girls At His Cocaine Parties Is Now Becoming a Major Story ht….
Rt, she's not going to win.  Trump will bring Julian home.
Thousands of people are trying to get inside to see #Trump in #Geneva capacity inside almost full.
Former Miss Finland becomes 12th woman to accuse Trump of sexual assault By my count this is at least #16 #grope.
SMEAR CAMPAIGN: Former Miss Finland is 12th woman to accuse Trump of sexual assault How much is Soros paying her? hm.
So Far, Early Voting Looks Like Good News for Hilary Clinton: So Far, Early Voting Looks Like Good News for H....
'Hillary doesn't play': U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama showers Hilary Clinton with praise at joint rally.|Guardian|.
A remarkable 12-page document revealed by WikiLeaks bristles with a longtime Clinton aide’s resentment of his boss.
ALMOST TIME - LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Geneva, OH 10/27/16 via.
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Geneva Ohio (10/27/16) Trump Speech Live via.
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Geneva, OH 10/27/16 #WikiNuke coming! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
Watch Live: Donald Trump in Toledo, OH.
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Geneva, OH 10/27/16.
"Hillary Clinton Sexually Assaulted Me 10 Years Ago She Sure Did."⤵.
NEW WIKILEAKS Revelations DEADLY For Hillary Clinton - Hannity (FULL SHO....
reveal more about Clinton's.
Hilary Clinton, Bill Gates, 4 or 5 on the Supreme Court...many more... have deep connections with Monsanto. http://t.co/GAl7aC….
Hilary Clinton, Bill Gates, 4 or 5 on the Supreme Court...many more... have deep connections with Monsanto. http://t.co/v….
Huge: Rudy Giuliani says Hillary Clinton's camp tried to have the women Bill raped removed from the front row. #Debate #….
#PodestaEmails8 Wen Yur Top Staff is calling you a Bag of Sh*t its time to Hang up the Towel Hillary Clinton ..THIS IS….
Well.. in the constitution #2A says Americans have EVERY RIGHT TO BEAR ARMS .. so, best you go F yourself Clinton✔️🇺🇸 #MAG….
"Hillary Clinton wants to abolish the #SecondAmendment Just remember that." -DJT-.
Why does the corporate media prop up Hillary and smear her opponents? Because they're huge donors to her foundation..
Absolutely brilliant speech from Lou!   Spread to all the Leftists you know.Dobbs: #Hillary #ImWithHer….
Wow. "Animals representing Clinton." This is the way fascist dictators talk. Zero evidence of any Clinton links..
HRC "does not recall" a great many key facts from the very recent past pertaining to her official conduct. Strange..
W/ the president’s involvement in Hillary’s e-mail scheme, it’s clear there was never going to be a.
When it comes to the First Lady, knows to hold his tongue:.
Trump on India: 'We're going to be best friends': Donald Trump proclaimed Saturday that if elected, the....
.MUST WATCH: Amazing new Trump ad! Together, we will bring back manufacturing to the USA.
bruh y'all too quick lmfaooo #debate.
leads as #Election2016 makes clubhouse turn & heads for home.#debate changed momentum as more vote….
"I have great respect for women." who said all of these things. #Debate.
Team Ducks & "Walks Back Signature Stuff" -New Label- "DONALDUCK A QUACK DONALDUCK A QUACK….
A beautiful sight..
HUGE Pre #debate #BombShell that makes #HillaryGropedMe seem tame. See whole video.
In case you haven't noticed but KEY CLINTON WITNESS DEAD on Saturday. Suicide - he blew up his own car & house..
“When I’m president, we will stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/ India...keeping our people safe, mutually." - DJT.
New level unlocked!!! ht….
12 major newspapers that endorsed Romney are endorsing Clinton..
New clinton, trump budget numbers - politico hilary clinto -.
BREAKING: DETAILS EMERGE SHOWING LATEST TRUMP ACCUSER Tied To Clinton Foundation  #TrumpsArmy #T….
Trump's kids have donated more to previous Hillary campaigns than to his campaign. $8k to  her, Zero to him.
Trump Stomps All Over Mike Pences Efforts To Clean Up Rigged Election Comments 🐷 #PredatorDon 🐷 #debate.
Is #DanBowman arrested yet? Donald Trump certain to be tried for #treason if his devotees R anything like his biggest fan Dan….
"There are two candidates from which to choose. Neither is perfect. I choose Donald Trump.".
CNN host to Trump: ‘Inventing a conspiracy’ about election rigging is ‘no way to make America great’.
Former Texas official says he was told to drop Trump University probe. Donald even bribes men more than women..
Just accidentally went off on my Trump supporter relative on facebook and my mom is going to kill me but I feel great. htt….
This proves why Trump NEEDS to win..
How Trump's going ballistic over sexual assault allegations against him.
New Poll: Women say enough with media attacks on Donald Trump.
Yet another metric showing Trump winning - individual.
Most viral T Shirt of Trump 16 campaign, designed by a veteran, 100% Made in USA! Get here.
At this point, Trump martyr/conspiracy claims work better if Ryan withdraws endorsement. And so....
Only Trump will Make America Great Again!.
Former Miss Teen Slams Media Witch Hunt Against Trump: He Was “An Absolute Gentleman”.
Invite more people like who refugees and illegals. #trump.
Imagine Donald Trump's most hateful rhetoric signed into law. Mike Pence's record shows that it could happen..
help with North Carolina hurricane victims. Mr. Trump gave his own m….
Trump's double standard on sexual assault: "Women must be believed, unless they’re accusing Trump.".
Donald Trump isn't running a real campaign anymore. Now it's just a multi-week revenge and grievance spree..
INDIAN TRUMP RALLY LMAO.
Hilary Clinton commits a crime. Lies about being innocent. Doesn't get in trouble bc she's a rich woman. Might be p….
Hahahaha, funny (even Hilary Clinton thinks so)..
to extreme conspiracy theorist Alex Jones: "Your reputation is amazing.".
New FBI files contain allegations of 'quid pro quo' in Clinton's emails |  http….
Email Shows Clinton Campaign Was Leaked Information Directly From Democrats On Benghazi.
FBI & DOJ roiled by Comey's & Lynch's decision to let Clinton slide on Emails, says confirmed insider.
Clinton Donor: A lack of transparency is a huge political advantage. #PodestaEmails9.
#Wikileaks are not Russian hackers. Assange is a journalist and publisher whose main sources are govt whistleblowers. #debate http….
#Debate #WomenForTrump the most sexist thing I've heard is that women vote with our feelings. I don't!!  #LatinosWithTru….
#ImWithHer and will be watching the final #debate LIVE on Twitter Wednesday night..
Islamic State flag is legal in Sweden, prosecutor rules via not hate speech?? #debate.
You heard it here first the beginnings of creating a gay privilege narrative #debate #GamerGate #NotYourShield.
#PodestaEmails9  #debate THE TIME IS NOW AMERICA. ELECT A PATRIOT WHO LOVES AMERICA AND WILL PUTIN THE HARD WORK TO….
#Anarchy #America #Debate #HillaryClinton #corruption #Supporters #Strike is the #honest statement people #USA.
Why Is Obama Threatening Russia With World War 3 Right Before The Election?.
Democratic presidents have been responsible for some of the most punitive immigration policies in modern history..
For the first time since 1932, has endorsed a Democrat for president,.
I hope helps him once we win the election. Julian Assange is saving American democracy right now at.
Donald Trump Says Election Being Rigged ‘At Many Polling Places’.
RSBN LIVE: Pregame Coverage of Donald Trump in Cincinnati, OH 10/13/16 -.
This is a campaign right out of Breitbart. My latest w/ on Trump's closing chapter..
This is not in isolation! How many have had signs ripped out of their yards, cars vandalized or verbally accosted for Trump sw….
Wheelys☕️will b watching z final #debate with Clinton & Trump LIVE on Twitter this Wednesday.
You guys really think Hilary Clinton is the lesser of two evils? After everything she's said and DONE? Mmkay.
Election #MakeoverMonday - Make sure to hit the parameter.  Data courtesy of.
Does the #RedskinsRule provide an accurate prediction of who will win the presidential election?.
proud to say im officially registered to vote in the upcoming election! its easy/quick/important. register here:.
Only 23 more days of US election coverage to endure! Need a break? Here's a picture of a puppy driving a car..
What Trump Did To Blacks And Jews 30 Years Ago Just Surfaced... This Could Change The Whole Election - World....
In fairness, Trump's also praised the pope, sort of, in a Trumpian kind of way:.
This Election is the last time to stop the Neo Liberals of the New World Order, the Globalists. #VoteTrump #TrumpPence….
'In this election, the extent of media bias is unprecedented, it's almost universal' ~.
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth, New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime- g….
If this doesn't accurately sum up the United States during the 2016 Election process, I don't know what does..
I can't stand but he will be the next President of the United States! The latest Show.
A vote for might be the most patriotic thing you will do in your civilian lifetime.The stakes are that….
Stunning quote on the state of the race in Arizona. Arizona!.
Get real, The female obama first steered toward the gutter and hit the accelerator,.
Wikileaks Rocks The Clinton Camp : New Dump Reveals A Joint Bank Account With The DNC.
Read the threats this newspaper got after endorsing Clinton. But more importantly, read how the paper responded..
Patriots Across America Saw This Sign In The Sky That Proves Trump Will Win The Election!.
This is what real election rigging looks like.
THIS IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT.
Whether you vote early or on election day...be sure your ballot looks like this!.
I liked a video from Rob Kirby-2016 Election is Criminality vs Good Guys.
#ImWithHer for MANY reasons, one of which is that LGBTQ+ rights are very much at stake in this election..
Survey: 52 Percent of People Say 2016 Election Is Very Stressful - Breitbart via  YES!😩STRESS.
*** Weekend Election Special ***.
THIS IS EPIC DIVERSITY IN ACTION LOVE IT.
Im soooo ready for #hillary to finish this!! #nevertrump #imwithher #hillary2016 #getoutandvote #debate….
#HILLARY #OBAMA #CLINTONFOUNDATION SOLD ARMS FOR #JIHAD & TO KILL #USA CITIZENS FOR THEIR OWN PROFIT.
An aid to Hilary #Clinton: she has an "inability to communicate genuine #feelings of remorse and regret... " #wikileak….
I'll be watching the final #debate with Clinton and Trump LIVE on Twitter Wednesday night..
Trump's OH chair is openly feuding with the state GOP chair 24 days before the election — Everything. Is. Fine..
A candidate unhinged and unmoored from reality. As the campaign ends, the danger of Trump is as clear as.
Alec Baldwin's impression of Trump was too much for the Republican nominee.
The more important question: how much is Russia invested in Trump?.
Ten women have now accused Donald Trump of sexual assault, not including Ivana's claim and the child-rape lawsuit..
Trump brings out the smiles! Pennsylvania Farmers Fair.
The on Trump: "This is a campaign right out of Breitbart ... pulsating with grievance and.
I think this is my favorite conspiracy theory of the whole election. Hillary cheated at being smarter than Trump. With drugs.….
Trump doesn't often use the word "animals" but it's clear who he means when he does..
Want a culture that respects women? Turn off The Real Housewives & stop blaming Trump.
Looks like the left is nervous about a Trump Win.
Hilary Clinton: "I encourage everyone to get out and vote early if you can." 60 Seconds ago at News Conference as....
Donald Trump will win US Presidential election, predicts hugely accurate AI machine.
I can not wait for DJT to put these ASSHOLES in line or better yet, jail. #debate.
Your brother ignored this Marine and Donald Trump quietly helped him. Nobody sees the good in a man's intentions un….
Many Holywood Celebrities Have Only Spoken About Their Faith in Donald Trump, But one Comes As A Surprise To Many.….
A newly surfaced video shows Donald Trump grabbing and kissing a former Miss Universe onstage.
In it to win it. Donald Trump adds $10 million of his own money for advertising  vi... by #ejoy2270 via.
Donald Trump’s list of highest-paid campaign vendors is brimming with his own name 🔓.
The FBI should be spending their time investigating and exposing Donald Trump the greatest threat to western democracy. ht….
Bingo, that & more, this whole dismal video reveals who Trump is. Sexually humiliating & admitting lying to.
Former Miss Finland is the 12th woman to come forward to accuse Donald Trump of sexual assault.
A rare photo of where Donald Trump grows his hair..
Video Shows Trump SEXUALLY HUMILIATING Woman Before Large Audience.
Video Shows Donald Trump Sexually Humiliating Woman Before Large Audience.
Justice Department policy discourages "taking overt investigative steps" just before a primary or general election.
When people actually say: "Donald Trump would make a great president.".
the man who destroyed donald trump's hollywood walk of fame star said he did it for sexual assault victims. not all heroes….
Unless I move to a desert island w/o wifi, I'll keep speaking out. If Trump wins, desert island strangely appealing..
"America is better than this. America is better than Donald Trump.".
This election is more important than ever. Make your vote count: be a voter ➡️.
Donald Trump Love Life - Top 10 Stories.
BOSTON GLOBE ENDORSES DONALD TRUMP!  Amazing!  Thanks,  #MAGA #Trump2016.
An AI program has predicted correctly,the winner in races since 04. It has predicted that Trump will win Bigly..
Trump will win the election and is more popular than Obama in 2008, AI system finds.
Interesting election this year huh?.
Crooked Hillary unequivocally advocates rigging Palestinian election in newly released audio.
No, Donald Trump is the Nazi sympathiser who wants the same thing Hitler wanted for society.
Trump supporter Terri Rote arrested for voter fraud, a felony, for casting two ballots in the general election..
TIMING IS EVERYTHING, HUH COMEY? Video DonaldTrump sexually humiliating woman before large audience.
Good grief!: "Video shows Donald Trump sexually humiliating woman before large audience".
Wow - - 2006 audio of talking about rigging.
It's all about timing. Next week there'll be more Trump accusers in the news just a week before election day.
this dog would be a better president than hillary or trump.
'We're going to bring home a great victory for the American.
Women to #Comey & most especially to ~media~ covering Weiner's texts but not Trump's pending case re: RAPING A 13 yo. #hardb….
Good on Clinton campaign to put out such a strong statement: time for Comey to put up or shut up..
MOST SCHOOL STUDENTS CAN'T SPEAK THIS WITHOUT CONSEQUENCES....TRUMP RUNNING FOR PREZ?...RIDICULOUS!.
"I think we're going to win this election." #SpecialReport.
“I want my daughters to have a fair shake in life. And I don’t think they’ll have a fair shake with Donald Trump.”.
And now, a few great election Vines.
First person in 2016 arrested for voting twice... is a TRUMP.
He's a 70 yr old Billionaire & doesn't have do this.….
Donald Trump once again displayed superior intuition and judgement. He was right about Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner bei….
AI system finds Trump will win the White House and is more popular than Obama in 2008.
Tomorrow planes towing Chinese Americans for Trump banner will fly over Daytona Beach, Dallas, Houston, Austin, Ann Arb….
LOL, 3 emails on Anthony Weiner device, not sent by HRC and Trump as his ppl think we r going 2 change our mind & vote 4 t….
How a whiz kid has had a major influence on the election | New York Post#auspol is this Clintons Russian hacker.
Oh we're talking about ongoing investigations today? Cool. Hey Donald Trump has to go to court in December for allegedly raping….
ONE YEAR LATER. Trump was right. Trump is trying to put America back in the hands of the people! We must conti….
Great way to replace your stolen Trump signs!.
US presidential race has tightened somewhat again. Currently 18% chance of Trump win. Please do vote and don't take the r….
I liked a video Hillary To Be Indicted After Election: Trump Responds To FBI Investigation.
Just when this election couldn't get more awful/weird, this guy? #RealLifeSNLSkit.
In it to win it. Donald Trump adds $10 million of his own money for advertising  via.
NEW Priorities TV ad out in 8 states & running now through the election, “Trump’s Symphony” — watch it here:.
Donald Trump America ~ Millions of new jobs.
If you've been injured in the attacks on Trump supporters, it might be worth consulting an attorney.  #Trump2016.
The Trump family will Make America Great Again for ALL Americans, not just Republicans!.
Why the new child rape case filed against D Trump should not be ignored.
Perfect Friday afternoon "reading." The Queen roaming is a soothing remedy for my election exhaustion!.
THIS MADE ME LAUGH: Bigger than Watergate, huh? That’s what they said about Benghazi. These days, every enemy is....
Is that Trump or Hillary lol.
How James Comey has wilfully distorted the #American election landscape & floured established legal boundaries..
After volunteering for the Trump campaign for a year it felt so nice to vote in the General….
NEW: Paul Ryan calls for Director of National Intelligence to suspend classified briefings for Clinton after FBI reopens email inv….
Admit that you are all Nazis now. It's pretty damn clear.  The case was never closed, LIAR!….
PISSED OFF! WOKE UP TO MORE THREATS FROM HILARY CLINTON SUPPORTERS AND B....
PISSED OFF! WOKE UP TO MORE THREATS FROM HILARY CLINTON SUPPORTERS AND BLM!!! CNN WHERE YOU AT? COV:.
New information released about Hilary Clinton's emails that could impact her attempt to reach undecided voters.
Voter Fraud In Texas. Also changed my vote to Hilary Clinton. When I took the poll right in fron….
Hilary Clinton comments on latest FBI Email Information #Clinton #BREAKING.
Hilary Clinton comments on latest FBI Email Information #HilaryEmails #Clinton #BREAKING.
Hilary Clinton comments on latest FBI Email James Comey Information #Cli... via.
8th November, 2016 is When U.S. Citizens Will Elect Its New President. Former First Lady Hilary Clinton Leads in....
PISSED OFF! WOKE UP TO MORE THREATS FROM HILARY CLINTON SUPPORTERS AND B... #trump #Clinton #mydog2016.
ALL STATES: Our COUNTRY DESERVES BETTER!! Hilary Has Lied After Lie,Benghazi,CORRUPTION!! No Hilary Clinton..
PISSED OFF! WOKE UP TO MORE THREATS FROM HILARY CLINTON SUPPORTERS AND B... via.
ALL STATES: REMEMBER,Hilary Lied On This Child At The Time She Was Raped. Then She Lol. STOP HILARY CLINTON..
#US Vice President Joe #Biden has ruled out becoming Secretary of #State in a Hilary #Clinton #Presidency.
What good works has the Clinton slush fund accomplished, like Hilary show us exactly what the accomplishments are?.
Compare the #Clinton & #Trump #tax plans side-by-side with this handy cheat sheet #debate.
old at the debate #debate.
pretty much Hilary's Clinton today hahahaH.
Breaking: New Hilary Clinton emails under investigation emerged from Weiner sexting case.
Mrs Bill Clinton's theme is hug a thug & compassion for criminals while Donald Trump wants to #MakeAmericaSafeAgain http….
Enthusiasm is high for Donald J. Trump. The only poll that matters is the one on November 8th #DecisionDay #Hannity http….
It's astonishing that some guy hiding in the Ecuadorian Embassy is doing more for truth in this election than all of the Am….
Good for the Dems! If this is not attempting to interfere with the election, I don't know what would be..
the only light in this goblin cave of an election is its menagerie of top-notch campaign fanfic. and i….
2) It was the first in local memory..
"The choice is between a woman who belongs in prison and a man who belongs in prison.  Was this really the best ...".
Pence urges FBI to release more information about new Clinton emails.
New post: Breaking: New Emails in Clinton Case Came From Anthony Weiner’s Electronic Devices.
New emails tied to the FBI's Clinton inquiry were discovered during the investigation into Anthony Weiner's sexting.
And the first Iowa voter fraud case in 2016 is....
Emails that led to new FBI Clinton probe were sent or received by top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, official says.
When asked point blank questions, Donna Brazile shows classic guilt for giving debate questions to Mrs Bill Clinton http….
Live look at Hillary Clinton while the FBI is investigating her emails. #HillarysEmails.
#news #world Clinton calls on FBI to release 'full and complete facts' of email review: Hillary Clint... #recent.
Hillary Clinton called on the FBI Friday to immediately release all information it has on newly discovered e-mails..
Breaking News: Hillary Clinton called on the FBI to release more information about what it had found “without delay”.
Clinton demands FBI release "complete facts" about new email probe "immediately".
The FBI has opened a new investigation into personal emails.
URGENT: HILLARY CLINTON’S BEST FRIEND JUST SOLD HER OUT! THE DOCTORS WER... via.
F.B.I. Reviewing New Emails in Hillary Clinton Case you Anthony Weiner for helping the….
explains how big of a deal the latest Clinton email scandal really is [VIDEO].
Clinton: Americans deserve "full and complete facts immediately" regarding new email probe.
#DNC: it's 11 days before the election. The material recovered HAS to be SIGNIFICANT, otherwise there would have been no Com….
Loretta Lynch, please report to the nearest tarmac ASAP! Bill Clinton has a cute story about his grandson that he urge….
Hillary Clinton Calls On FBI to Release Information in Latest Email Investigation - ABC News - via.
to further destroy the best hospitals, physicians & healthcare in the world..
FBI found top Clinton aide Huma Abedin’s emails on laptop she shared with Anthony Weiner!.
Soros' Puppets-'Make Soros happy'-inside Clinton team mission to please billionaire VIP | #MAGA #Trum….
Here's the full Comey letter, which also shows the Republican committee chairs it went to (some up for re-election)..
#Wikileaks reveals Hillary campaign feared Voters would make the connection with 2 notorious Sexual Predators named BILL.….
Trump, just this morning before news broke to says FBI "rolled over" with Hillary Clinton. Now taking a much diff….
NYT: FBI Obtained New #Clinton Emails from Huma Abedin, Anthony #Weiner Devices.
Clinton calls on FBI to release 'full and complete facts' of email review.
Hilary Clinton sold arms to ISIS and wants to create further conflict in Syria - do not vote for her!!.
"My friends, please," Clinton says to discordant chants & boos aimed at heckler, "let's focus on what's really important in….
Every 7 seconds, a young girl becomes a bride, report.
In case you haven't seen it yet, or need a good laugh:.
Y'all play too much 😏💀.
"I really can't stay".
Attention, #Eagles: Early voting will be held on campus beginning two weeks from today..
1. He WASN'T vetted during primary.
There’s a difference between “sex talk” and “sexual assault talk.”.
Funny article coming from a lying shill "journalist".
But they really care about wo….
Woman sold fracking around globe, said if we do it right, we will be net exporter #stein2016 h….
Finally something that these two are doing that I can watch...too funny!!!.
Full report: #Election2….
Incredible that feels victimized that people noticed his racism via Watters tape.
🔥 SEXUAL PREDATORS 🔥.
WOW! Edited tape!.
Glenn Beck says election Hillary Clinton could be "a moral, ethical choice".
3 months later & still no idea who killed Seth Rich; man who uncovered Election Fraud for Hillary Clinton & against Bernie in….
TRUTH Scarborough: "We Love Working Here," But NBC Poll Showing Clinton +14"Couldnt Have Been Cooked More" #hardball.
Bill Clinton Rape Victim Juanita Broaddrick Full Testimony via.
Glenn Beck: Hillary Clinton is a 'moral, ethical choice' for Republicans.
TONIGHT: joins w/ reaction to the 2nd #debate, his fight w/ "disloyal" Republicans and more. D….
My chat with the real winner of Sunday’s #debate -.
The greatest hits from the second presidential #debate, in 90 seconds..
Here's some hot takes from experts in gender and politics on the #debate:.
The latest NYC Eartipper TNR Daily! Thanks to #factcheck #debate.
Trump did a ROCKY! One of the greatest political debate comebacks we will look back on and remember! #Debate.
The latest Paper-Clips : Staple News! #debate #brexit.
The latest The Right Perspective! Thanks to #tcot #debate.
The fly that keeps landing on Hillary is giving me life. It knows where the garbage is. lol #debate.
Please listen to the remarkable as he shares what is at stake in this election:.
I'm not saying Trump is the best image for the US, but I mean come on... Hillary? #Republican #neverhillary.
Here we are in Panama City, Fla., for an evening Trump rally. (The weather is perfect, btw.).
This clears everything: “The actions described by Mr. Trump, if true, constitute sexual assault in most jurisdictio….
"There is no alternative. He IS the nominee." Newt just dropped a huge TRUTH BOMB on all the Republicans thinking about aban….
Trump: "Can you imagine how controversial I'd be? You think about him with the women. How about me with the women?".
At the start Clinton spoke about to "celebrate diversity", sounds familiar doesn't it? #Merkel #debate.
After the election we need to imprison everyone in the red states. They will try to stop the peaceful spread of All….
Our neighbours to the south can't believe we're that interested in their election!.
Reporters, stop saying emails were leaked by Wikileaks. Be honest: It was the FSB/GRU (i.e. Russian intelligence)..
I agree. Those still rebelling are working on a similar agenda to Theresa May. Ensuring doesn't win the n….
But, but, according to the "new polls" Killary is ahead by 11 pts - By tomorrow it s….
They're all apart of the same crime syndicate. It's time to put America first..
The first Bush to ever be held accountable for anything.
Donald Trump’s new attack strategy: Keep Clinton voters at home on Election Day.
Concerned Proud Black Man wit Bill Hillary Clinton Rape T Shirt told by Hillary he needs therapy?? Vote Donald Trump ht….
Proud Black lady says USA CANT have Hillary Clinton 's Rapist Bill Around Our Daughters/Interns again!! Donald Trump ht….
This is so funny 😂 😂.
Twitter just suspended cited by MIT data scientists as 107th most influential force this election..
Glenn Beck has shown greater moral courage than in this election..
My dog took a nap today. He doesn't know anything about this election. He's so happy..
2016 Parliamentary Election Results St Maarten Confirmed.
st maarten sxm news 2016 Parliamentary Election Results St Maarten Confirmed.
First Law of Trump: Never believe anything Trump Says #IntellectualTrump #debate #TrumpPence16 #GOP….
absolutely exquisite. he says it so well! John Oliver via #debate #trump #racistmisogynistasshole.
Over 2 million views on my analysis of #debate  Don't you wish you had that many viewers.
GREAT VIDEO=> St. Louis Sisters for Trump Slam #CrookedHillary: “She’s Lying, Stealing and Killing!” #debate.
Amazing level of corruption. #PodestaEmails #PodestaEmails2 #FriendsofBill #Debate.
Thinking about that time I went "furniture shopping" while Melania was pregnant. #debate Vine via.
NEW VIDEO: NYC Dem Election Commissioner, "they bus people around to vote...There is a lot of #voterfraud.".
#Wikileaks are not Russian hackers. Assange is a journalist and publisher whose main sources are govt whistleblowers. #debate http….
I'm so glad that #JusticeForJuanita is trending. Her voice needs to be heard.  #debate #TrumpTapes #ImWithHer #MAGA.
She goes high, Trump goes low, that's how he puts on a show: did not lurk and glower! All I did was strut my power..
This is hilarious, Hilary Clinton & Donald Trump sing Time of My Life.
More like everybody knows that Hilary Clinton won the debate and 32% still like Donald Trump no matter what.
Lip Sync Battle Donald Trump vs Hilary Clinton Sing The Time Of My Life Presidential Debate Full HD.
I liked a video Hillary Clinton And Donald Trump Singing “The Time Of My Life” Is Hilarious.
Vote For The Creep if Ya Dig This Kind Of Shit!!!!.
Despite all the attacks can each of you say one nice thing about Sonic Boom: Rise of Lyric?.
One of the most important issues of this election is that 3-4 #SCOTUS could be chosen..
The best part of this election has for sure been watching slowly devolve into a literal baby. (by.
Hilary Clinton sold arms to ISIS and wants to further destabilise Syria and spread Islamofascism #n….
This is a million times more important than Trump's locker room talk, and CNN/ABC/CBS daren't touch it..
I love this!!! I don't agree with everything Donald Trump says or does but he is WAY better than Hilary Clinton!!.
Hilary Clinton is more qualified though !.
Bill Clinton and Hilary love this.
hilary clinton. and her pet fly!.
I liked a video Hilary Clinton DID NOT Say She Hates Everyday Americans.
The "Republican" in the latest Hillary Clinton ad is actually a long time Democratic donor (via.
Hillary hired a private investigator to intimidate and harass Bill's many victims. She was complicit #debate #debateni….
No surprise here: Threats to jail one's opponent alarm members of his own party. We are better than this. #GoHigh.
Hillary has a plan to turn America into a clean energy superpower..
Hilary Clinton WILL implement the 1st INTERCONTINENTAL New World Order of the JEWS called TPP DESIGNED BY JEWS TO FUCK….
Putin has been using Wikileaks to undermine West for years. Now he's using it to meddle in US election. More proof of Trump/Pu….
Wouldn't it be nice to have an honest election without all the clock and dagger crap? Trump will bring it back. Someone FOR….
Donald Trump Wants 2Smash Existing Order & Bring Life & Safety back into USA & b/c of that its Him against the World ht….
Read Miley's Variety interview here: She talks about The Voice, Donald Trump, and more!.
Trump's biggest problem right now? Finding stadiums large enough to handle the size of his crowds..
Amazingly, the Excuses for Donald Trump’s Comments About Women Keep Getting Worse.
THE best reaction to Trump's "I respect women" at Sunday's debate, came from a Brazilian reporter. I'm dying.
If I were a crooked politician and I saw all the people wanting to clean house I would be against #Trump….
NEW: Donald Trump reportedly called a sound engineer a "f**king monkey" on set of "The Apprentice":.
State Dept. under Hillary Clinton gave special attention to 'friends of Bill' after Haiti quake in 2010. h….
#FSA child soldier of 8 years old. #Obama & Clinton's #gunviolence concerns? They fund this in #Syria. http://t.co/LkG….
To all GOP pols who jumped ship at first sign of a fight instead of staying to fight like Dems do with Clinton, I say th….
STATEMENT BY FORMER PRESIDENT OF HAITIAN SENATE ON NEW REPORTS OF CLINTON CORRUPTION IN HAITI.
New Wikileaks: Clinton Received Classified Intel AFTER Resignation As Secretary Of State.
A full list of Donald Trump's rapidly changing policy positions.
Roger Water very opinionated message for Donald Trump....
After Trump's lewd comments, Pence says, "I couldn't be more honored to stand with Donald Trump." #Indiana #INGov.
"Why Donald Trump’s transition from sexual assault to ISIS made sense".
ALERT: Top Paul Ryan Advisor Leaked Trump Sex Talk Tape to WaPo.
REPORT: Top Paul Ryan Advisor Leaked Trump Sex Talk Tape to WaPo via.
Leaked memo shows #HillaryClinton camp plan to deface vehicles with Trump stickers, especially high end vehicles dr….
#Trump has ALWAYS been right! He's never lied to his supporters not once! #MAGA.
Wow! RETWEET this incredible insult to every single Trump supporter! Unbelievable..
FEAR: Trump Voter to Pence at Rally: "I'm Ready for a REVOLUTION" if Hillary Wins | RedState.
My favorite concept so far is that Donald Trump suggesting that he would appoint a special prosecutor to....
LIVE STREAM VIDEO=> MASSIVE RALLY for DONALD TRUMP in Panama City, Florida.
Our livestream from the Donald Trump rally in Panama City Beach goes live at 7pm. Here's a link:….
🚨 Bin Laden secrets revealed in latest email leak.
Police officers in uniform &Trump hats. Great judgment..
He say if Donald Trump win, we gotta start reading terms & conditions!!!! 😭💀.
Exclusive: A quarter of elected top Republicans won't endorse Trump via Shills no doubt.
Trump promises further attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released.
Trump designed new uniforms for flight attendants on his ill-fated Trump Shuttle. Guess what stood out....
I liked a video This Video Will Get Donald Trump Elected.
MEDIA BIAS? TOP BRASS ORDERS "DESTROY TRUMP".
Falwell:Trump Tape GOP Coup Against Donald, No 'Coincidence' It Came Right Before Ryan Breitbart.
Would it be sexual assault if Trump grabbed ur wife's (Mary) pussy? I'm curious 2 know ur answer. ht….
That look is priceless, Hillary probably beat him down for doing it...  Lol!  Go Trump!  :).
I liked a video Trump supporter leaves CNN anchor speechless.
Ann Coulter👉Only ‘President Trump’ Can Save Us From Turning Into ‘Uganda’✔️ Right Wing Watch.
Hillary Clinton wants to double the child tax credit.
The View's Joy Behar calls Bill Clinton's rape victims "tramps," liberal audience laughs..
Bill Clinton, Bill Clinton is absolutely responsible for the 2008 recession, don't let anyone tell you otherwise!  http….
It’s ironic that the child Bill Clinton doesn’t acknowledge is his, while the one he does acknowledge isn’t .….
Calling Hilary a #NastyWoman was the best thing Donald Trump ever did for.
Donald Trump has women at the end of their ropes—and ready to fight..
Dear Straight White Men Supporting Donald Trump,  We see your desperation but the power shift is real.  Warm regards.
Michelle Obama: Donald Trump is "threatening the very idea of America itself".
Top Trump adviser says Trump would repeal Obama's investor protection rule -- and likens the rule to slavery.
Trump: I’ll Accept The Results Of The Election ‘If I Win’.
Donald Trump is 70 yrs old. He grew up in the 50's & 60's, this is what he meant by "in the good ol' days...".
The Real Donald J. Trump.
Trump Jr.: Where&#39;s the Media Outrage Over New Voter Fraud Videos? | Fox News Insider.
Women accuse Trump of sexual assault: Wall to wall media coverage..
Trump: nobody has more respect for women more than I do.
.KAJ33 says Trump's comments on election results display "unprecedented level of arrogance, despotism, disregard"…….
Full FLOTUS response to Trump's claims of a rigged election—"You do not keep American democracy in suspense.".
Donald Trump Says He Will Accept Election Outcome "if I Win"..
Reuters: For Trump, challenging an election loss would be tough.
Access Classic: Donald Trump's Election Day Disaster – A Look Back (2004) via.
says Trump's comments on election results display "unprecedented level of arrogance, despotism, disregard".
"I will totally accept the results of this great & historic presidential election - if I win." #FoxNews2016….
BREAKING: Obama To Declare MARTIAL LAW If Trump Wins Election, Here's What We Know....
Trump mocks critics: I'll accept election results - if I win -.
Trump again in 2020 then Ivanka in 2024.  It's kind of obvious..
We're gonna need a bigger People love Trump. #MAGA #Thursdaymotivation #TrumpBookReports #Deba….
Trump Train riders are starting to say they never rode. Can't let that happen. Good work.
I liked a video Morning Joe epic rant on liberal hypocrisy regarding Trump election qualms.
WHAT A NICE SURPRISE: Is this why it was so easy for Bernie to accept  the result of a rigged election?.
Hillary laughed when #Trump said she's taking money from ppl that do THIS to gays. #LGBT #LGBTQ #debate #TrumpPence2016 http….
Donald  Trump Gets Epic Revenge On Hillary at Debate! Here’s Why He Will... via.
Trump raises $9 million off debate night Facebook Live events.
Supporting Hillary Clinton while reckoning with Bill's sexual past, by.
I liked a video from MADONNA PROMISES 'BLOW JOB': IF YOU VOTE FOR HILARY CLINTON.
Political views aside, it was great to see Hilary Clinton pay tribute to the fallen Starcraft Pro League during the third deba….
"Please, be encouraged..." Michelle Obama emerges as Hilary Clinton's most powerful advocate as….
LmaO I love Paul Mooney. Kapernick much?!? If Hilary Clinton becomes President he was right too!.
She interrupted him. She mocked him. Hillary Clinton outmaneuvered Trump with a surprising new approach: his..
A perfect night to re-read this letter from President George H. W. Bush to President Bill Clinton..
Just 5.7 Percent Of Clinton Foundation Budget Actually Went To Charitable Grants via dailycaller.
Leaks Reveal How Super PACs Helped Rig Primaries for Clinton.
if you agree President Obama should be at work right now instead of campaigning at a Clinton rally in FL!.
Hillary Completely Avoids Debate Question On Clinton Foundation ‘Pay-To-Play’.
Clinton Campaign Makes Wildly Inconsistent Claims About Emails Published By WikiLeaks.
Hillary Clinton gives the single most complete defense of Roe v. Wade in recent memory via Kos #ImWi….
Clinton Campaign Makes Wildly Inconsistent Claims About Emails Published By... by #Trump_Supporter via.
EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: New Bill Clinton Sexual Assault Accuser Urges Other Potential Victims To Go Public -.
NEW WIKILEAKS Revelations DEADLY For Hillary Clinton (FULL 10/14/2016).
WIKILEAKS: Clinton Campaign Chair Says It’s OK for Illegals to Vote With Driver’s License.
The Most Important WikiLeaks Revelation Isn’t About Hillary Clinton | New Republic.
EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: New Bill Clinton Sexual Assault Accuser Urges Other Potential Victims To Go Public.
WaPo Editorial: "it is time to point out another reason Ms. Clinton is winning: She is earning.
#Clinton once again confirmed the authenticity of our documents with her response to #WikiLeaks question..
US newspapers agree - Donald Trump refusing to commit to election result is the main story from the final #debate.
The REAL #debate is between &.
Mike Huckabee: Trump Is Going To WIN THE ELECTION, And Here’s The Reason Why! Every American NEEDS To See This!.
Well, he *is* the son for the legendary Mike Wallace. Chris Wallace ran the best debate of the election: via.
Russia wants to monitor the U.S. presidential elections via US Pres election  is now completel….
Good morning, #Vietnam! Missed the US #debate, but remember: "Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon….
Hillary Clinton is exactly the POTUS we need - the perfect blend of courage and heart, determination and optimism. #ImWi….
#IAmANastyWomanBecause if I wasn't, I wouldn't be alive. #debate  #ReproJustice.
You know what a #NastyWoman is good at? Voting. #debate.
raises $9 million off #debate night Facebook Live events cc.
proof 100% accurate #debatenight #debate #MAGA3X #DrainTheSwamp.
#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate.
"LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Newtown, PA LIVE Stream 10/21/16 7:30pm ET" #mustread #feedly.
Donald Trump wants to compare his last 30 years with Hillary's. Let's do that..
What would most likely happen at Donald Trump's inauguration:.
FDR's grandson: "Hillary Clinton is a true leader, Donald Trump is not".
A majority of GOP voters say Donald Trump represents their views better than Paul.
Poll: GOP Voters Say Donald Trump Better Represents their Views than Paul Ryan - Breitbart.
Poll: GOP Voters Say Donald Trump Better Represents their Views than Paul Ryan.
A majority of GOP voters say Donald Trump represents their views better than... by #michaelharrisdr via.
Trump love fest with Putin is Real According to this 2013 Donald Tweet.
Hillary says there is violence at Trump rallies. Well it's because of her. Thanks for exposing this h….
Donald Trump Jr: My Dad Is Too Good For You, America (VIDEO) via.
EVERYONE is talking about voter fraud, which media ignored. Yes, Trump's answer last night was perfect..
Trump won hands down. He will make a great President. Give him your support. America is at stake. #tcot #ccot #gop #maga….
Trump is so bad he makes Obama look great.
Cardinal Dolan, one of my favorite speakers between them and guest....
A MAGNIFICENT JOB.
Exactly!!! 😥😥.
Thank you Delaware County, Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election, or we are going to LOSE this country!.
The best election video yet: "Dear Mainstream Media". He's a one-man army for freedom. #MAGA.
We live in world. It has happened..
A wave of apprehension and anguish swept the Republican Party on Thursday. My latest w/.
Trumpers&Trumpets are saying if dumbdumb loses election there will be civil unrest how much more ignorant&Infantile….
An American former DNC staffer, SETH RICH  (since murdered).
Steve Schmidt on Rigged Election Claims: 'A Moment of Clear and Present Danger' (VIDEO) #debatenight….
Congratulations on Winning 3 Debates! You were Awesome!.
Your vote will determine who fills the Supreme Court vacancy. That’s why this election is so important. #GunVote.
New post: ".
(Great reporting by….
- no one has more respect for women.
As a Retiree, I know that election mail is all very clearly flagged, scanned  and tracked.  Much training on handli….
HUGE NUCLEAR BOMB JUST EXPLODED: Former Justice Dept Official Just Revealed Rampant ‘Lawlessness’ That Threatens....
For young women especially, the label #nastywoman feels like vintage sexism and a symbol of how far we've come:.
CJ MARAGA states what he’ll do if RAILA challenges 2017 election again on first day in office….
Glad we got that cleared up....
Liberal MSM forgets Al Gore in 2000, as they criticize demand that the election be fair and square? #MAGA….
Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants, but won’t even mention “radical Islamic terrorists.” #Debate #BigL….
Bernie have no choice now since he's bought and paid for, but his ex-suporters are welcome to the "deplorables....
#TrumpBookReport 👉#IfIWin👈 "If I Win" was ok for in 2000 "Bush vs Gore".
Trump Said Women Get Abortions Days Before Birth. MDs Say They Don’t. Glad OBS/GYN MDs spoke up! #LiarTrump.
Ret 4-Star General tells one lie to FBI, faces 5 Yrs Prison. Hillary lies or "can't remember" 40 times. Skates free. http….
Wow, amazing liberal bias from from that noted bastion of radicalism, the Army War College.
and join up once again for the latest "Black America Again' single..
Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp, together we will #MAGA🇺🇸#Debate.
Great.
This boils it down nicely..
500,000 Illegals Caught MOST NOT MEXICAN! RETWEET #STOPIslam #TCOT #MakeDCListen #TeaParty #Conservativ….
These kids have strong opinions about and the vegetables they resemble… #debate.
live feed of Obama watching the #debate.
The latest The Lillian Boachie Daily! #debate #anamasters.
FOX NEWS WINS BIG — Here’s How Many People Watched The Final Presidential Debate [VIDEO] #Debate #….
I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate  #BigLeagueTruth htt….
#DonaldTrump "I have the most respect for women" Then dumps #HillaryClinton #debate ... (Vine by.
The latest Media Shuffle! #radio #debate.
The latest The Ken Shane Music Daily! Thanks to #tbt #debate.
#HappyFridayEve, kidzz!! 🎉☺️👍🏾💃🏽🎊 I love our new set...hope you do, too!  Glad you survived the #debate. 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾 Let's r….
The #debate shows exactly why having a woman in the White House matters.
After tonight's #debate the choice is clear ....
New on #Steemit: Hillary and Trump.
"Nobody has more respect for women than I do"-Donald Trump.
In Miami, President Obama rips Marco Rubio for supporting Donald Trump.
Clinton and Trump laughed. Melania Trump did not look to enjoy it as much..
Full Event: Donald Trump #Rally in #Charlotte, NC ... - #Donald-Trump #Live-Stream #North-C….
how come hilary clinton looks like she's about to go perform lucky one with exo.
"Hilary Clinton would make a great presi...".
IF HILARY WINS - SECESSION will PROTECT America from the CLINTON.
Hilary Clinton. A very special thank you to Donald Trump. #trump #hilary #clinton #hilaryclinton hilary2016 3.
Too funny Trump bumper sticker #Trump #Clinton #hilary #miami gardens #debatenight.
The Cardinal in between Trump and Clinton right now.
If Clinton wins next month, a majority of Republican voters still want either Pence or Trump to lead the.
Their numbers look remarkably like Trump and Clinton's. Not a good sign for Ayotte..
Could Hillary's smile cost her the election?.
I wish I'd been invited to the #debate -- I have plenty of experience dealing with entitled rich boys. -HG.
New FBI investigation may just be a smokescreen to cover the latest bombshell Wikileaks.
The day I write that the race is so emotional that no minds will change, everyone writes me in hysterics. Awesome..
This is probably the most important election of my lifetime.
will broadcast on Tues 6:30pm ET on our newly created GEN YouTube channel! Election fraud: the preservation of….
The Justice Department will send special election observers to only 4 states on Election Day..
Now we'll really find out the truth. Podesta complains about Comey's timing. Would it have been better to wait til aft….
Voters have been told for months that the Clinton Foundation "does good work." Why haven't they been told that it's being crim….
WikiLeaks reveals Hillary Clinton hid the "depth" of her email scandal from her own campaign manager and staff.
Clinton's most emailed aid in the US State Department, Jake Sullivan, used personal email to talk with Clinton about bringin….
Hillary Clinton Just Released The GREATEST AD OF ALL TIME!!! This Will Make Your YEAR! (VIDEO).
LOVE THE Clinton Said...!.
Make sure tomorrow is the spookier day: http….
I think this is the kind of "locker room" talk Donald Trump is talking about #debate.
Trump: Vote more than once if necessary: Donald Trump is not letting up on his claims that the election could....
Donald Trump repeats his "wildly inaccurate" claim that the murder rate is the “highest it’s been in 45 years.”.
"Donald J. Trump is the only candidate for the United States. America First candidate: Donald J. Trump." http….
probably the best Donald Trump vine.
The moral deceit of pro-lifers: How Donald Trump accidentally revealed the true hypocrisy of the war on women via.
MUST WATCH: The best endorsement of Donald Trump from James Kallstrom (former FBI Asst. Director).
HIGH ENERGY!: Trump Supporters FLOOD the Streets of NY CHANTING “DRAIN THE SWAMP!”.
My latest, for The Guardian: This is the hollowed-out heart of America: pain, rage and Donald Trump.
Attn Trump twitter fam! Meet the amazing lady behind the Bellmore Trump house. We love and support you! #W….
For stealing info from political opponents, kind of like how Trump asked the Russians to steal info from his political oppone….
First campaign stop of the day - Trump takes the stage in Las Vegas, Nevada.
The wall only has space for 2,000 more names. Donate NOW to get on the Trump Donor Wall..
"Both campaigns live in fear of one thing: the last seven days of the election being a referendum on why they ...
My son heading to a costume party as Hilary Clinton's 33000 deleted emails.. haha!.
FBI obtains warrant for newly discovered emails in Clinton probe via.
🚨BREAKING: FBI Obtains Warrant for Newly Discovered Emails in Clinton.
Campaign says Clinton still hasn't talked to Abedin about new emails.
#trump will do and say ANYTHING to win.
Trump encourages CO voters to vote more than once.
Donald Trump wants to know why Native Americans don't pay taxes..
Trump offered Chris Christie VP role first, sources say: A last minute move by Trump's inner circle to bring ....
More than 100 lawsuits, disputes over taxes tied to Trump and his companies.
Trump says, "I respect the fact that Dir Comey was able to come back, after what he did! I respect that very….
Chuck Todd to Mike Pence: Trump's latest tax return isn't under audit. Where are those?.
Trump wins by 5 to 6 points..
Shouldn't she be packing to move in case Trump wins.
US editor of Israel's Haaretz: Thanks to Trump, We Can Better Understand How Hitler Was Possible via.
And now we go live to Clinton campaign headquarters.
to vote Right not Wrong..
Fla paper makes unprecidented apology to readers for anti-Trump coverage; 'you deserve more balance'.
Sec-of-State #CrookedHillary favored foreign donors who gave $ Millions to Clinton Foundation & Bil.
Donald Trump Foundation's largest donation was for refurbishment of a fountain outside one of his own hotels.
I think most of this election has been at lizard brain level.
TRUMP: If I don't win it's rigged! #debate #tcot #UniteBlue.
"Women Vets Talk About Trump= True #BlueFalcon #MAGA #debate #TrumpPence16 Watch & respect!.
#NPR Fact-Check of 3rd #Debate extremely soft on #Trump!.
Trump could be first President starting his term suing 12 sexually assaulted women while on trial for raping a child htt….
Judge Gonzalo Curiel hands Donald Trump a fresh rebuke:.
I liked a video from EP.150 - DONALD TRUMP REVIEWS SETUPS - Pimp My Setup.
WATCH: DONALD TRUMP RALLY IN ALBUQUERQUE, NM LIVE STREAM.
RICK HARRISON #PawnStars Endorses Donald Trump for President - Las Vegas Nevada AMAZING SPEECH.
13 Yr Old Girl DESTROYS Hillary Clinton At Donald Trump's Rally via.
If we can raise another $1,000 today we can make an even BIGGER impact! Donald Trump will win on November.
Man chanting "Jew-S-A" at Trump rally confirmed for Hillary plant. A performance artist..
ANONYMOUS - Why POLLS ARE WRONG & TRUMP LANDSLIDE WIN IS COMING: via.
Trump leads #Hillary 52-42 among Cuban Americans and is up by 4 in Florida #TrumpArmy is winning.
That logic is working for Hilary Clinton so far..
I named her Hilary Clinton. Straight. Effective. Don't take no shit..
Did he really??.
Hillary Clinton is such a robot! Her staff gives her not just points but **precise** answers to give during #debate.
Email from 2009 shows top Clinton Foundation exec ask Abedin to get him & colleagues diplomatic passports.
Ready to vote? Consider how changes like tax reform could impact your finances. #debate.
I liked a video Hilary Clinton KILLED JUJU ON THAT BEAT DANCE (PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE).
Inspector General:.
We Celebrate Our New President.
#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate.
State election officials should create and publicize clear plans to prevent intimidation and discrimination..
Barnes & Noble:.
How High Does It Go? Justice Obtains Warrant For Clinton Aide’s Emails #MAGA #TrumpPence16 #TrumpTrai….
Election Fraud Smokescreen By New FBI Investigation: Special Report » Alex Jones' Infowars: There's a war on for....
IMPORTANT Per Judge NO LETTER WAS EVEN NECESSARY to notify? See at 4 min into video_.
1. Announcing pushes into new "battleground" states.
America’s First ‘Rigged’ Presidential Election.
Doug Schoen just announced on Fox News w Harris Faulkner that he is no longer supporting Hillary Clinton!.
WikiLeaks:  Google CEO Eric Schmidt Wanted to “Do Business” with Clinton Campaign: JUST HOW MUCH “BUSINESS” H....
Clinton supporter Doug Schoen just withdrew his support live on Fox!.
Clinton's lead in California keeps expanding — which could yield an Electoral College / popular vote split..
Guess precious  missed this..
WOW! Clinton friend since 1994 says he CANNOT support Hillary.
Pure BS that FBI Doesn't Know What's in Emails; knew of emails long before director briefed #MAGA #Tr….
Breaking  Doug Schoen just announced on Fox News w Harris Faulkner that he is no longer supporting Hillary Clinton!.
Election Fraud Smokescreen By New FBI Investigation: Special Report via.
I know this is super old by this point but I remain mesmerized (and turned on) by Josh Earnest's delivery and....
Great #Debate and now its time to Vote #BlackVotesMatter #SoulsTothePolls #Debate #Georgia #Atlanta.
Is Trump building a new hotel there?.
Trump wants to drug test #HillaryClinton. America doesn't need another coke-head President!.
Trump Lawsuit Threat Goes Up In Smoke As Six People Corroborate Sexual Assault 🐷#PredatorTrump🐷 #debate.
James O’Keefe: If Media Covered Project Veritas Like They Covered Trump Tape, ‘I Guarantee u Trump Wld Win Election’.
Cause sexual assault makes him giddy>>Apprentice Staffer Claims Gary Busey Groped Her. And Then #Trump Laughed. #p2.
I'm shell-shocked so many of my fellow Republicans are either on Trump's side or are unprincipled power-seekers..
Trump claims election is rigged. NC Rs firebomb their own office (with absentee ballots for HRC). Try to pin it on Dems. Sou….
Trump talking about ethics! Really?.
O’Keefe: If Media Covered Project Veritas Like They Covered Trump Tape, ‘Guarantee You Trump Would Win the Election’ http….
The insanity continues: Trump now at war with his own running mate over what to do when they lose! #ImWithHer #p2 #tcot ht….
Sick-making but important article. Trump has exclusively cheated and harmed for profit & hurt people for pleasure http….
EXPOSED - Ed Rollins - Trump Super PAC Chair Says " Trump Needs 'A Mirac... By 🆘.
Obama's LIES are falling apart & it shows! Quid Pro Quo confirmed by FBI are FACTS! Obama to Trump #PardonMe #TRUMP http….
Video: Crowd goes WILD when Trump proposes TERM LIMITS!.
trump throwing his own summer sixteen tour.
#CrookedHillary Responsible
I count Trump hot mic confessions (he's….
Trump support is growing day by day as Americans become aware of MSM ht….
Trump Chosen  by God To Stop America's Destruction - Astounding 2011 Pro... via.
I'm working on #debate pantsuit as fast as possible. I chose this print for the lining..
These tweets by #trumppence in 2012 show he was absolutely the same raging, racist lunatic that he is today!….
LIVE FROM VEGAS 10/19!!! It's The Death Battle Everyone's Waiting For!!! Only $29.95 on PAY PER VIEW MSM!!!! #debate.
"No serious person would even suggest you could rig the election"-Obama minutes before undercover video proves rigging….
#BernieSanders Might Actually Still Win the Presidential Race…In #Vermont.
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED! h….
interesting reflections from foreign journalists on the US presidential election.
Dem admits mass voter fraud. Will the media cover real news for once? #Veritas #podestaemails11.
Check out my latest article in  about dealing with stress and the election.
When Trump's TV show "The Apprentice" didn't win an Emmy, he was a sore loser then, claiming the system was rigged. He has….
Abdallah during public comment made a link btw the Cubbies winning the World Series and Hilary Clinton to be first….
Trump supporters put the fear of GOD into the media. The ramifications are huge!.
Trump is the best choice for ALL Americans! United To Make America Great Again! Watch This Viral Video! #Debate.
Citizens of Brussels Have An Important Message For Americans Heading To The Polls This Year #MAGA  #Debate #MelaniaTrump.
Tomorrow night Donald Trump & Hillary Clinton take the stage for the final #debate. Watch our live coverage here:.
These tweets by #trumppence in 2012 show he was absolutely the same raging, racist lunatic that he is today! #debate #clinton….
The One Man Who The Clintons Fear More Than Any Other Person Because Of What He Knows #Debate htt….
This is the greatest election in history.
One of the largest female-driven protests on Tuesday morning was at Trump Tower in New York.
Extremely long lines form at Atlanta-area polling locations on the first day of early voting in Georgia. h….
"Bracing for the possibility of...violence on Election Day." Wow. Never thought I'd see that said about America..
The most punctilious, detailed indictment of Hillary Clinton & her unfitness to serve as #Potus that I've ever read. h….
BREAKING: Clinton Campaign Proven To Be Breaking Campaign Finance Laws& Colluding W/ The DNC During Primary.
Bill & Hillary Clinton Foundation may be the greatest ponzi scheme in history of United States..
Best news of the day: Ecuador cuts internet for WikiLeaks founder over 'impacting US election'.
More #Wikileaks: Here, the Clinton campaign looks to manufacture chants of U-S-A, U-S-A while engaging in anti-White "ang….
Environmental group that backed Sanders in the primary now urging voters to support Clinton over Stein:.
Jerry Falwell Jr.: Trump is a different man than the man you saw on that video 11 years ago & he wants what's best for the Ame….
Watch the media bury yet another HUGE story in favor of STILL talking about 11 year old Trump comments..
Women accuse Trump of sexual assault: Wall to wall media coverage..
If you want to watch a man ACTUALLY crack up in real time, tomorrow's #debate is not to be missed!.
Why I've decided to stop supporting Trump.
My Top story: How Trump & Clinton have failed to use free space in Google for U… see more.
Timeline of Trump's 30 year pattern of sexual predation..
Jerry Falwell Jr. killed Liberty U student paper op-ed critical of Trump on sexual assault:.
Factoring in two new close-ish Texas polls, reckons, "Clinton is more likely to win Texas than Trump is to w….
Leave it to a Canadian ad campaign to deliver the most inspiring message of this U.S. election.
JUST IN: Donald Trump Jr Tapes Leaked, Mocks Child Abuse, Calls Young Girls 'Fat' (AUDIO) 🐷#PredatorTrump🐷 #debate.
Obama in Rose Garden on Donald Trump and vote rigging: "I'd invite Mr. Trump to stop whining.".
FULL EVENT: Donald Trump ENORMOUS 21k Rally in CINCINNATI, OHIO 10/13/20... via.
Trump foundation stops fundraising in New York state | Reuters.
Trump's misogyny has galvanized the feminist movement with more force than any political issue in generations..
Really, really Alf Landon low: How low can Trump go in the polls? via for iOS.
running this ad in FL. Powerful stuff but Trump cult members are the EXACT type that commits these crimes.….
I'm beginning to think Donald Trump was not the brilliant tactician we thought he was.
Layover in Phoenix. Getting ready! #debate.
#PodestaLeaks: How much have we still left to learn about.
BREAKING: Leftist Threatens to Lynch “N—-er” GOP Leader After He Raises Questions About Clinton’s Love Child.
Attacks #AlexJones And In New Campaign Ad - #tcot #tlot.
OMGosh.. some good intelligent gathering there..
MORE: Lateast  leak comprises almost 2,000 emails #PodestaEmails11 #wikileaks.
#Wikileaks are not Russian hackers. Assange is a journalist and publisher whose main sources are govt whistleblowers. #debate http….
Top Indiana election official alleges more voter fraud.
Journalists Dined at Top Clinton Staffers' Homes Before Hillary's Campaign Launch - Breitbart v….
This is what real election rigging looks like and it's being done by Republicans.
New Fox News national poll:.
Somebody's out stayed his welcome: "Ecuador acknowledges restricting Assange's internet amid Clinton leaks" >>.
You'd be surprised by how much you can learn about America from this map via.
Layover in Phoenix. Getting ready! #debate.
True! Just Because It’s Hacked, Doesn’t Mean It’s Important.
Real October Surprise Foretold by Wikileaks: Big Media Refuses To Cover All Oct. Surprises vs. #Hillary.
Many want an outsider even if he's crass cuz insider deplorables laugh about using mentally ill to incite violence.
You'd be surprised by how much you can learn about America from this map via.
Hilary Clinton is very lucky....if she was running against anybody else but Trump....she would have lost....
We paid out on Hilary Clinton winning the US Presidential election today. wasn't happy about it....
Just realized I bought a sticker that has a young version of Hilary and Bill Clinton on it from the 70s. #burnit.
Hilary Clinton polluting #georgia water & it's just ok..
Stars of stage and screen gather in New York for show benefiting Clinton.
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide:.
Hillary Clinton's 5 Greatest Fake Accomplishments.
Vote for Monica Lewinsky Ex-Boyfriend Wife Funny Hillary Clinton Anti-Obama.
The World wants Hilary to be President..
The differences between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are day and night. The stakes are too high to sit this out. htt….
An unexpected hero, Donald Trump has the potential to be one of the greatest Presidents in US history.
Never forget: The woman who claims Trump is a danger to the world was responsible for arming ISIS.
This is the new  "We are going to be assholes because Dems are assholes" the new motto of #Trump #GOP.
The choice in this election couldn’t be more clear..
#CrookedHillary pushes for more H1B Visas and OutSourcing to compete against US high-tech.
Do you really want to vote for a man who does this to women? #grabthembythePU #Hillary2016 #debate.
Oedipus has come to an election near you!.
Thanks again to for speaking with us about the first ever #NC statewide voter guide in Spanish.
To see Full Results visit.
Here's a friendly halloween ghost to remind you to vote!! Election is only days away, make a plan:.
Loving this ad... We all have to do our part and VOTE. #ImWithHer.
If Dems will rig a debate for Clinton, what won't they do to win? #tcot #ccot #ncpol #Wisconsin #eauclaire #MAGA.
More to come. 👍🇺🇸.
BILLIONAIRE SHELDON ADELSON DROPPING A COOL $25 MIL TO HAMMER HILLARY IN KEY STATES, MORE TO COME!.
CNBC Just Confirmed Comey Is Abusing His Power To Help #NeverTrump #TNTweeters #USLatino #uniteb….
Hilary Clinton shows no firm stance on Dakota Access Pipeline in statement released by campaign. v….
• More than 800,000 foreign-temporary-visa workers in US.
ICYMI - talk about why voting is important in this election. Don't stand on sideline #DrainTh….
Hillary Clinton incorrectly tells an audience in Florida that she was in New York on 9/11. She wasn't. Here is what she s….
President Obama on Clinton: "She made me a better president, and she didn't ask for credit.".
Read this. Think about this. George H.W. Bush's gracious handoff to Bill Clinton. It's beautiful..
This is pretty incredible: Secret service agent on WJC detail was asked to consult on Clinton’s email server:.
WATCH LIVE: Hillary Clinton holds an early voting event in Sanford, Florida.
Obama asks male voters if sexism is keeping them from voting Clinton. "How much of it is…we’re not just used to it?".
The Clinton emails revealed by Wikileaks prove US was fully aware its Gulf allies funded IS and al-Qaeda.
President Obama Asks Male Voters If Sexism Is Keeping Them From Supporting Clinton - ABC News http….
We're responsible to voters & can't treat this election like a reality TV show. Hillary's the only candidate tak….
2016 Election Forecast: Who Will Be President? -88% chance of winning 12%..
STUNNING NEW REVELATIONS re Hillary, Obama collusion & PROOF of election rigging by White #MAGA.
calls out GOP: "Promising even more unprecedented gridlock in Washington before we've even had the election" http….
See if you can help somebody get to the pools on Election Day with this free app.
GOP "promising even more unprecedented gridlock in Washington before we've even had the election.".
In today's print NYT: the most detailed election map we've ever printed: 30,000+ zip codes across a 4-page spread..
The SORCERY of SOROS - Fraction Magic Exposes Election Rigging - Bible Prophecy Fulfilled?.
We voted at the library! #YoVoté #voteforthechildren Early voting ends Friday! Election Day Nov.….
Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants, but won’t even mention “radical Islamic terrorists.” #Debate #BigL….
Cast Your Vote for Profitable Options #Trades. Free eBook Insta Download.
Peter Thiel, "She pushed for a war in Libya, and today it’s a training ground for ISIS. On this most important issue Donald….
This looks Hilarious now ! Daily News Editorial political obituary of Donald Trump and all that he stands for #MAGA!.
AISSA WAYNE “My dad would be very proud of Donald Trump. His tireless work gives America people a voice.”.
"He’s not one of us": Trump is still having trouble winning over many Republicans.
That's rich... coming from one of the biggest Trump bashers out there. Seems ppl are all in "save-my-ass/career" mo….
Donald Trump is ahead of Hilary Clinton in the latest ABC News/Washington Post poll..
Hilary Clinton returns to The Breakfast Club, talks police brutality, defeating Trump & more.
DAMN - North Carolina: Trump 51%, Clinton 44% – Trump Winning 23% of Democrats, and +12 Independents… | The Last Ref.
So #CrookedHillary evidently finds pushing gay people off of buildings funny..
• NAFTA significantly worsened Income.
Learn more:.
Woud be sweet -- make Obama eat his own health care tragedy before leaving office. via.
This calls into striking? just what Comey’s connections are 2 Russian gov as they’re now clearly working n league 2….
Only watch if you have a strong stomach.
Donald Trump takes lead over Hillary Clinton in new US election poll.
A new polls shows that Donald Trump has taken a razor-thin lead over Hillary Clinton.
This is what Trump means by Making America Great Again. #Debatenight #debate #Debate2016.
This is what Trump means by making America Great Again... #Debatenight #debate #Debate2016.
No, Donald Trump, #abortions do not happen at 9 mos pregnant - Vox #debate.
WOW Liberal King Chris Matthews (basically) Endorses #Trump - BEST ELECTION EVER #TrumpPence16.
Donald Trump and Mike Pence have their own issues with emails and transparency.
Read our latest cover story on how Donald Trump's companies destroyed or hid key documents..
LIVE Stream: Trump Tower LIVE 11/1/16  #MAGA.
Presidential election results are coming up and Moby has strong opinions about Donald Trump.
#ElectionNightChecklist Trump voodoo doll (relieves stress and it can't hurt, right?).
7 Ways Supporting Trump Has Changed Me, And Maybe You.
Paul Ryan, McConnell & their fellow Trump appeasers are toast no matter what happens on 11/8. My new piece.
My son heading to a costume party as Hilary Clinton's 33000 deleted emails.. haha!.
Wow.  I never thought I'd see Scott Walker endorse Hilary Clinton..
CNN (Clinton news network) anchor SURPRISED Hilary rampant destruction of emails and devises which were requested....
Seen so many dabs it's practically a Hilary Clinton rally #lukeisnotsexyomegle.
#rp aka #mj #Metro-to- #LAX station will welcome #commuters by bus, car, on foot and bicycle #votinpolls #debate.
#debate show at will learn to win even if am wrong 😡😡.
An excellent and informative mock Presidential Debate today at PAMS! #debate #PresidentialDebate #electionsimulation h….
#TrumpTrain Remember 3rd #Debate > gave out sensitive intel? remarked on it as did many othe….
WOW! Grandmother Exposes Massive Nationwide Election Fraud #ElectionFraud #Rigged #Ele….
Just a friendly reminder that next Tuesday is election day..
A new #ABC #poll puts Donald #Trump one point ahead of Hilary #Clinton at 46% to 45%, 1 week ahead of the #election ht….
Hillary Clinton: "We're Going to Take Things Away From You on Behalf of the Common Good".
Clinton: Destroy Syria for Israel: A newly-released Hilary Clinton email confirmed that the Obama administrat....
The world wants Hillary Clinton to win – and not just for the reasons you'd think #MAGA #TrumpTrain.
#Hillary Clinton's Paid Off the #FBI - CONFIRMED!.
North Carolina GOP Senator becomes the latest Republican to joke about gun owners shooting Hillary Clinton:.
Why Clinton should have been indicted the FIRST time..
Hilary Clinton is a piece of Shit, Lying Bigot. You aren't fit to work at a Walmart no less Commander in Chief. I....
'Kept me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman:.
Days before election, FBI releases docs from 2001 investigation of President Bill Clinton's pardon of Marc Rich.
FBI Dump Suggests Marc Rich Won Bill Clinton Pardon with Cash via.
FBI RELEASES CORRUPTION INVESTIGATION RECORD: Marc Rich Clinton Pardon Records | Zero Hedge.
Whoa. Source tells FBI never asked top aides for devices used while Clinton was secretary of state.
FBI cranks up long dormant Twitter account just in time to release Clinton/Marc Rich case file >>>> vi….
Latest WikiLeaks dump reveals more 7-figure pay-to-play antics from Clinton Foundation.
MYSTERY: FBI Surprises With Files on Clinton '01 Pardon of Marc Rich....
Worried about Hilary losing US election? V difficult for Trump to win without NV. Early voting shows Hilary well up:.
Hundreds of prominent economists just denounced Donald Trump in an open letter to voters via.
Not fun to talk about, but researchers find resentment towards women is a strong predictor of Trump support:.
Trump: “ObamaCare means higher prices, fewer choices & lower quality. Yet HRC wants to expand #ObamaCare & make it even more e….
We even put our Trump RPD to work here on #TrumpTuesday! Good work Will! #NCBoots #HesFromVirginia #LeadRight2016 #Bry….
My 6 year old nephew (Nightwing) refused to #TrickOrTreat at houses with Trump signs 😂.
Lagartija_Nix: Clinton breaks record for most DISLIKED candidate as 59 per cent of voters anti-Hillary.
NEW book: Hillary Clinton: the Goldman Sachs speeches with an introduction by... by #wikileaks via.
WIKILEAKS HILLARY CLINTON WILL WIN ELECTION LIKE THIS! via.
NEW book: Hillary Clinton: the Goldman Sachs speeches with an introduction by... by #wikileaks vi….
Fact check: FBI Director confirmed under oath that Hillary Clinton never lied about her email via.
When it hits you that election day is next week and you don't know if America is gonna get its first female president or….
When it hits you that election day is next week and you don't know if America is gonna get its first female president or Hit….
when it hits u that election day is next week and u don't know if america is gonna get its first female president or hitle….
When it hits you that election day is next week and you don't know if America is gonna get its first female president o….
Could CNN do a special on this event, before the election? It is Trump at his best, after all, and for those who follow….
I'm with you! #Trump will prevent the scourge of globalism and the further deterioration of True American Patriotism! http….
Trump's possib tax dodge tactic is at the top of the front page of today's This article is on p. 19.
After his lawyers advised against it, Trump used a "legally dubious" strategy to avoid paying taxes for years..
Donald Trump Admits While Married To Melania: #breakingnews #donaldtrump #howardstern #melaniatrump #newsandgossip.
Trump Releases a Seven Point Plan to Reform Healthcare AND IT'S FANTASTIC via.
Trump says thanks to Obamacare, "hiring is frozen.".
Donald Trump Used Legally Dubious Method to Avoid Paying Taxes.
Wow!      370 Economists Sign Letter Urging America Not To Vote For Donald Trump via.
#debate Federal Judge Orders Hearing in DONALD TRUMP CHILD RAPE CASE CHILD SEXUAL ABUSE http….
Full Speech: Donald Trump Rally in Eau Claire, WI 11/1/16 via.
Exclusive promo hints Stephen Colbert will unleash on Trump in election special.
Donald Trump's new hotel in DC got tagged earlier today... #nojusticenopeace #blacklivesmatter.
americans make me laugh so hard.. they are so funny.. they lie in polls. Donald trump poll.. "oh yeah he's great".
Hillary competes in Texas & this happens: Donald Trump Surges To 12 Point Lead In Texas « CBS Dallas / Fort Worth.
Donald Trump camp caught accepting $2 million donation from China & promising influence in return via.
He who is in Hilary is greater than he who is in Tramp..
WATCH: is live streaming rally in Eau Claire, WI now!.
Trump support is high where unemployment is low, but diversity is new, suggesting yet again thi….
Early on covering Trump walking the line of people waiting was routine.  Did it just now in Eau Claire, WI. No way everyone….
Meanwhile in more important news, Trump gets endorsed by the KKK:.
Hypothesis: The hysteria over incorrect Halloween costumes better explains pro-Trump votes than Clinton emails.
The real Donald Trump.
The Ku Klux Klan makes it official, endorses Donald Trump saying 'Make America Great Again'.
wow #trump2016 landslide!!!!! Cant stump the trump!!!!!.
IT'S TIME!!! for another podcast. Is Donald Trump's campaign hurting his business? NFL and more!.
Ominous for Clinton: WaPo Poll finds "strong enthusiasm" for her plunges as Trump slips ahead.
FBI Horrified As Spy Says Russia Has Been Supporting & Cultivating Trump For Years #p2 #TopProg….
FBI Horrified As Spy Says Russia Has Been Supporting And Cultivating Trump For Years via.
I'm finally speaking out about Donal Trump and Hilary Clinton -- and it's not what your thinking. Fresh blog:.
If only the #GOP didn't nominate a #sexual.
A very special thank you to Donald Trump. #trump #hilary #clinton #clinton #president #trump #hilary #vote.
HILARY CLINTON WATCHES PARKS AND REC I REPEAT, HILARY CLINTON WATCHES THE WORLDS GREATEST TV SERIES EVER WRITTEN….
That one time a rich ranting lunatic thought he would be President. #Narcos / #Debate.
A very special thank you to Donald Trump. #trump #hilary #clinton #clinton #president #trump #h….
Ready for debating! krisscosmetics with  Annie! #debate #congress New Hampshire….
My son heading to a costume party as Hilary Clinton's 33000 deleted emails.. haha!.
#hilary clinton pussy amber rose pussy.
#FACTCHECK can u change ur vote if u voted early? Yes, u can in these 3 states -here's how #USElections2016 #debate.
BETFAIR-4/1 Hilary Clinton or 8/1 Donald Trump to win + £100 in FREE bets + MONEY back if you lose….
“The web is and will always be the most popular mobile operating system in the world.” — Hugh Durkin #debate.
#sexual #predator and #rapist.
#Old #Me….
Hilary Clinton: "Sometimes the fate of the greatest nations comes down to single moments in time." This is one of....
Hilary Clinton: "Sometimes the fate of the greatest nations comes down to single moments in time." This is one of... htt….
Some are quite different some are just funny and entertaining and informative.
Not an official endorsement of Trump, but pretty close: #Debate.
Whether he was #conscious of the #fact is up for #debate, but #ProfesorWatts started a #movement #toward #higher #ufo #….
Hilary Clinton Murdering Alternative Media Actiists Direct Energy Cell Towers: via.
Even more #Hillary #Clinton lies... #debate.
Abortion Is Murder! GET YOUR FACTS STRAIGHT  #roevwade #debate #gohillary #abortion #election #trump via.
Watching the #debate tonight with a pair of sunglasses right out of #TheyLive -.
More biological warfare against the American people... #Debate.
"It's not up for #debate - there is no such thing as a safe tan.".
Solid reasons for supporting Trump: #debate.
Hilary Clinton most powerful person in the world.
Trump is winning Worldwide Vote!.
leads going into the final #debate -tonight's debate will be HUGE 4 this election! ht….
if he says the word "email" one more time #debate.
Celine a Scene of the zinger on For more LIKE -> #debate #de….
Keep calm & #GetOutTheVote #WhenWeFightWeWin #SEIUforHillary Clinton leads Trump by 2 points.
The Far Right Media Is Circulating Their Most Ludicrous Election Rumor to Date.
Follow advice and make sure you vote!.
GREAT....I REMEMBER MOST.....BUT THEY READ SO BETTER 4 days before ELECTION! THANK YOU!.
Donald Trump is in a class of his own. A class of being totally shameless. My latest column.
Clinton swung by Miller's bar in Dearborn, Michigan this evening. Most voters in MI will vote on Election Day (no in-person ear….
NEW: Hillary Clinton climbs to 4-point lead over Donald Trump in latest News/WaPo tracking poll.
Clinton says Trump wants to 'undo marriage equality'.
Make sure you #Vote!.
Puerto Rico's collapsing economy could win the election for Hillary Clinton via.
#Election2016 News: A Republican Election Official Just Blocked Door, Demanded Early Voters “Shut Up, Go Home!’.
Election Prediction 2016: Current Trend Lines Show Trump Will Win in Landslide.
Interesting analysis. Hope it's....
Yes America wants change!!.
Mom's an American w/Canadian citizenship living in Toronto, she voted 4 first time in US election 4 HRC. No vote or….
RETWEET if you have or will vote for Donald J. Trump and are proud. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
LMFAO! #trump Supporters Hilariously Mistake Famous Artist For 'Spooky Occult' Leader | Huffington Post #SmartNews.
Voters line up for early voting today at Palo Verde West hall. On Election Day students can vote at the Tempe campus fi….
#Trump told veterans he's "brave in other ways" — "financially brave.".
This is the most important election of your life because it's the most terrifying election. And this is a must-read:.
Rodham. Rodham. Rodham. This is worth a read sisters. #wewithher.
Glad to see so many of my friends from abroad coming over to the states to GOTV for Hillary. Election has historic global rami….
Donald Trump wins support from Native American coalition - - #Tru….
"If you're supporting Trump, I want nothing to do with you," Robert De Niro told Arnold Schwarzenegger yesterday.
Wow. U.S. officials sending remarkable public threat to Russia through the press: "Don't mess with us next Tuesday.".
"Sources confirm Snipes was breaking the law and opened more than 153,000 ballots cast by mail in private".
Dave Chappelle will host #SNL in first post-election episode with musical guest A Tribe Called Quest.
We need you!  People Magazine has brand new story. Trumps Rape Case TO ALL.
AMAZING! ENDLESS #TRUMP CROWD IN #SELMA, #NC – “Goes Beyond What the Eye Can See” (Video).
Don’t wake up after Election Day wondering if you could have done more to help out. Volunteer this weekend:.
I love Pennsylvania..It's my home..Make PA the Keystone of this election!  Turn PA Red!! a win for America #MAGA🇺🇸….
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Hershey, PA 11/4/16 via.
Trump supporter: He is 'the best choice' for America - #Newsonline.
The NV Dem edge in early vote is getting close to point Trump just won't realistically be able to catch up on Election Day.….
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Hershey, PA 11/4/16.
‘It Really Does Get Into Your Head.’ The Election, Through the Eyes of Teenage Girls. #ImWithHer.
Last two days of early voting in NC have been very good for Dems, per our estimates. Lots of irregular Clinton vt.
Best & Funniest Donald Trump Moments - All Debates via.
City gets first Indigenous councillor as election results roll in via.
good find,.
So my local free "newspaper" has printed 3 MORE pro trump letters just before election. Shame on you.
You better be worried! If Trump gets elected Hillary will be in jail! Clinton’s Detroit detour signals Dems’ worry.
Full video:.
Hillary Clinton could be the first Democrat to turn Alaska blue since LBJ:.
Huge crowd waiting for Trump at hockey arena in Hershey PA. Intro speaker: "Let's put Hillary Clinton in the penalty box!"….
Donald Trump hosted wild parties with sex, cocaine and underage.
New Kasich ad: If Trump becomes president, 'you better hope there's someone left to help you'.
The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice: Emails on WikiLeaks Show a Top Federal Lawyer Giving Hillary a Quiet Heads Up.
WATCH: Obama defends Trump protester at Clinton rally: We respect free speech.
Exposing election fraud IN REAL TIME!.
Just saw a Trump flash mob in PA that I didn't set up at all. It was beautiful.
I just recently switched to Trump, & glad I did.
Trump and GOP style voter intimidation in action..
May God protect Mr.Trump and keep him safe. Folks were in the eye of the storm now everyone needs to pray. #SpiritCooking ht….
INsHannity & Drudge Cite WikiLeaks to Claim #Clinton Campaign Worships Satan. Fox Making Bullshit Loud Again #polls.
WATCH: Rudy Giuliani admits that Trump campaign had advanced warning from the about Comey's letter..
I liked a video The Intelligence Report 11/04/16 FBI found damning new emails from Clinton’s.
NEW Fox News Poll: Level of support, vs. #BREAKING.
In an unprecedented act of sedition, Rudy Giuliani confirms the FBI leaked information to the Trump campaign.
Donald #Trump wins support from Native American coalition #TrumpRally #DrainTheSwamp #AmericaFir….
I voted for the first time ever today! Thanks for being such an inspiration this election #dontBOOvote #imwithh….
defends protester: "We live in a country that respects free speech," adding, "don't boo, vote.".
Me if Donald trump wins the election 😩😐🔫.
“Spirit Cooking”: Clinton Campaign Chairman Practices Bizarre Occult Ritual via.
#WikiLeaks #JullianAssange #Trump Not Be Permitted To Win - YouTube #SpiritCooking….
Cummings: Giuliani was getting information from former FBI agents. He knows better..
THIS has to be a first: Fox News apologizes for inaccurate Hillary Clinton report.
Vote Like America Depends On It:  Assange says Trump 'won't be allowed to win' o via #MAG….
we LOVE YOU PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP!.
▶ NYPD Has Own Pedophile RICO Case Against Clinton – Can Bypass DOJ FBI.
Trump thinks #SpiritCooking by InfoWars is a good strategy?  Better than studying issues and winning on policy? And GOP supp….
A Dem elector says he won't vote Clinton. She therefore needs to secure 271 (not 270) electoral votes on Tuesday....
I liked a video 'Trump won’t be permitted to win' - Assange interview with John Pilger (Courtesy.
on #Periscope: Winning at Life: #financial #news #talk #radio #trump #hillary #election2016.
You Will Jump for Joy When You See What Black Americans Just Gave Donald Trump!....
'Trump won’t be permitted to win' - Assange interview with John Pilger (....
The case against Hillary: A Clinton critic takes her best shot at the Democratic nominee.
Some can see that Trump is the right guy for the job..
And some are related to her current legal troubles.
Hillary competes in Texas & this happens: Donald Trump Surges To 12 Point Lead In Texas « CBS Dallas / Fort Worth.
tells crowd to "respect" protester at Clinton event: "We live in a country that respects free speech.".
Hillary'S Bizarre Occult.
from Donald Trump: "I saw Lady Gaga last night and she was fantastic!" http://t.co/jBMJM3e8mr.
#GetOutandVote Every Vote Will Matter This Election. Make Sure Your Voice Is Heard. #VotoLatino.
Trump is appealing a court order against voter intimidation. Let that sink in..
Hillary Clinton says she has been the most transparent public official in modern times.  Really?.
How can New Hampshire be the most educated state in the union & vote Trump?.
Just proves that a college degree isn't every….
WIKILEAKS: Clinton Campaign Manager Says ‘There’s So Much Money On The Table’ #WikiLeaks PodestaEm….
Matt is right abt this. The ENTIRE Clinton emails story/probe was BS from the start. Most reporters knew this..
I liked a video from LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Hershey, PA 11/4/16.
Chelsea Clinton proudly wears her upside-down crucifix We can't let this family in the WH #….
Style Notes: Rihanna's Puma Creepers Win Shoe of the Year; Ivanka Trump Gifts Kellyanne….
Watch live: joins Jay Z at Get Out the Vote rally in Ohio #ElectionDay.
Jay Z & Hillary Clinton Cleveland Concert. Starts in 20 min with a rather small crowd considering that it's FREE!.
Same poll shows 51% believe she broke the law, 32% more say she violated ethics. She leads Trump by a point..
LOL. Clinton campaign blames #SpiritCooking scandal on Vladimir Putin..
BREAKING: Washington state elector says he won't vote for Hillary Clinton even if she wins state's popular.
New Kasich ad: If Trump becomes president, ‘you better hope there’s someone left to help you’ - The Washington Post.
If she wins on Tuesday, she will be, forever, the woman who shattered the highest, hardest glass ceiling.
and Share! #GetOutAndVote!! Depending on your state, you may be able to vote before Election Day..
Let's get this straight once and for all. Hillary isn’t “going negative” when she repeats Trump’s own.
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!.
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Hershey, PA 11/4/16 TRUMPTRAIN I 💙 you.
"Trump Supporters Hilariously Mistake Famous Artist For 'Spooky Occult' Leader" -.
Not sure about that, but: Trump is not going to win NV by 10 points on Election Day. Not even a Jim Carrey in "Dumb and….
Julian Assange: Global Elites, Banks, Arms Companies and Media Will Not Allow #Trump to Win (VIDEO).
MalyndaNyc: SilERabbit: Reminder. If Trump wins, blame the DNC and Obama. They condoned rigging the primaries f….
if trump and clinton were in love.
Trump just proposed ending all clean energy developement  — solar, wind, batteries, clean cars, and climate science.
If George W bush is willing to endorse Hillary Clinton what does that tell you about Hilary Clinton?.
ON AIR NOW - New talk of an Obama pardon for Hilary Clinton for possible crimes before she is sworn in? #tcot.
New: Breaking: Donald Trump Campaign Endorses Hilary Clinton.
My son heading to a costume party as Hilary Clinton's 33000 deleted emails.. haha!.
CBSN talking about young Hilary Clinton and Maddie!.
ON AIR NOW - Increasing number in GOP are talking "impeachment" of Hilary Clinton if she wins. Good idea? #tcot.
How The Hell Is This Possible If Hilary Clinton Is Way Older Than Beyoncé. Y'all Need To Quit Rn 😂😩..
Doesn't Hilary defend people who sexually assault womem?.
Isn't Hilary Clinton older than Beyoncé??  😕.
This may be the most moving ad of the 2016 election, Khizr khan ad for Hilary Clinton  is incredibly powerful..
🤔🤔Hilary Clinton is like 70 yrs old.
+ when Clinton gets good press (debates) the bots misspell her name, Hilary. For bad press they spell it right. Tre….
#Ask Questions #Answer #Question #Debate create #Polls easy login with #Twitter #socialmedia #Forum.
HUGE Pre #debate #BombShell that makes #HillaryGropedMe seem tame. See whole video.
OMG Hilary Clinton hates ordinary Americans! God Bless Wikileaks I love you guys….
Ready to vote? Consider how changes like tax reform could impact your finances. #debate.
is clearly collapsing, their students are dropping, they can't even find 2 to #debate. they would rather….
So funny! and singing Time of my Life... #debate #debate2016 #Do….
The double standard that we apply to Hilary.  Yeah, it's real..
Our new camera doesn't focus on animals! #debate RETWEET if looks better like this 💩.
Trump is clearly unfit to lead. On Nov 8 lets send Trump home for good.Say NO to Trump!Values still matter in USA!P….
More #tbt's!! We had a great turn out for our #summitelection and all our students got their vote on. Our winner? H….
If you're interested in donating to the Trump campaign, here's a short-cut to the direct link: #debate.
BBC News - US election 2016: What really happened with the Clintons in Haiti?.
I liked a video WIKILEAKS BREAKING: "NO U.S. ELECTION" -- HILLARY RIGGED EVERYTHING!!.
Exclusive❗❗❗: gets honest about the most important things Black voters should keep in mind on #ElectionDay:.
....Sounds familiar #facts #ASSume #thirdparty.
Donald Trump Takes Lead Over Hillary Clinton in Latest ABC News Poll.
FBI agents sought Clinton Foundation probe in early 2016 meeting with DOJ, sources say.
If Trump loses this election and you didnt do everything you can do to help win, blame yourself when your kids are liv….
The Washington Post finally admits that Trump could win..
Why Obama's lead in 2012 was pretty safe -- and why Clinton's isn't:.
NEW - Last weekend before Election Day, Trump campaign manager joins.
You've Been Trumped Too review – this is what a Trump win would look like.
Based New Hampshire..
NFL TV viewership has declined 13% in the first 8 weeks. Will it turn around post-election?.
With just 5 days until Election Day, watch Hillary speak live in North Carolina:.
This is Republicans working with the Russian FSB & the FBI to try to swindle an election they know they can't win on the mer….
Read my latest story in For decades, Trump has destroyed documents and emails sought under court order. http….
When does Trump deny this story? Trafficking underage girls for sex with powerful men.
Top Psychologist: The Noel Edmonds Factor Will Rig The Election For Hillary #NoelEdmonds.
Fascinating piece on Trump supporters with key ties to the FBI and FBI community in NYC, incl Giuliani.
PERFECT! 😂😂😂😂😂Stephanopoulos' wife: If Trump wins we are moving to Australia" #mustread #feedly.
Her old ass won't live to see the election.
Are you sure the election is rigged? Find out at.
Vote Wisely #fuckfacevonclownstick.
Five days to go... She really has nothing new?.
BREAKING: Catholics arent the only ones who LOVE Donald Trump !Protestants also say NO to Hillary Clinton #HillaryIndic….
NOW...TRUTH ON NEWS LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Selma, NC 11/3/16 via.
Melania Trump wants to stop cyberbullying..
Is she aware she's married to the biggest cyberbully in U.S..
I feel like trump is constantly trying to perfect Sebastian's "pucker up like this" face.
Donald Trump campaign manager says Hillary Clinton's "scandalabra" is catching up with her.
made as much a fashion statement as she did a political one..
Grade school kids with more understanding of our country than the adults in charge of them..
NEW: Clinton hits Obama levels of support among Florida Hispanics, poll shows.
The 2016 election has confounded pundits, upended precedent and now it’s spurring unusual patterns in the U.S.....
Donald #Trump pledges to sign anti-LGBTQ 'First Amendment Defense Act':.
Basketmouth says he he will run for Nigeria's Presidential election in 2019 if Donald Trump wins US election -….
This is the real rigging of the election. Meticulously planned & executed by Republicans..
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Selma, NC 11/3/16 via.
An Election That Steers Clear of Climate Talk, During the Warmest Year Ever.
"Donald Trump is the Real Deal, and will Make America Great Again.” - 🐊🐍🐀.
The theory that the FBI is out to get Clinton is becoming more plausible: via.
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Selma, NC 11/3/16.
if trump and clinton were in love.
Wow even Deray, phony leader of BLM, was being paid by the Clinton Money Machine. What a fraud. #PodestaEmails28 #Hillar….
Pete Williams says there is no Clinton Foundation investigation––which make the leaks look even more partisan..
If Nevada goes blue, Trump needs a state like PA or VA or WI to win — along with FL + OH + IA + NC..
WOW BREAKING!!! Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul says Hillary Clinton has Committed TREASON !! #HillaryIndicme….
Heros supporting TRUMP!.
22 Medal of Honor recipients,  the bravest of the brave! God bless you!….
The Economist kinda endorses Hillary Clinton, “a better candidate than she.
WATCH LIVE: President Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
WATCH: DONALD TRUMP RALLY IN SELMA, NC LIVE STREAM.
Worn out by the election (campaign shenanigans)? After you vote, add some fun & glamour to your life via.
Absolutely none, there is no benefit of a Trump presidency for anyone who isn't wealthy..
One of the last stories I was involved with at NYT. did some great digging into Trump's income claims..
How the heck can voters think Donald Trump is more honest than Hillary Clinton?.
What's on the line for women this election??  The right to have control over you own medical decisions!!....
This Barrett story suggests strongly that some in the FBI have been directly coordinating with the Trump campaign.
Emails show Hillary Clinton aide celebrating F-15 sales to Saudi Arabia as "good news" by.
Melania Trump: "They are hurt when they are made fun of, or made to feel less in looks or intelligence." Hmm:.
At a venue called "The Farm" in Eastern North Carolina more than ten thousand have gathered to listen to Donald Trump h….
New legal documents prove election tampering in.
FBI finds new emails from Clinton's State Dept. tenure.
TRUMP WILL WIN!!.
Stunning Report Finds Anti-Clinton FBI Agents Are Trying To Get Trump Elected President via.
GAME OVER! 5 DAYS BEFORE THE ELECTION, TRUMP GETS AMAZING NEWS THAT HAS HILLARY SCRAMBLING! ht….
Clinton on Russia, Iran, and Syria advanced "hawkish views that do not reassure all of America’s friends”.
Ted Cruz: "I'm getting ready to get on a gigantic airplane that has Donald #Trump's name painted on the side of it.".
Full report: #CrookedHillary #election….
News networks gave far more coverage to Bill Cosby's rape accusers than Trump's..
identified more than 100 pro-Trump websites being run from a single Macedonian town.".
As more details of we "Trump TV" leak, why assume it's just a backup plan? What if it's designed for use if he WINS? ht….
Melania Trump = Strong independent Woman: businesswoman, intelligent,grace/style, Speaks 5 languages #Trump2016 #Melan….
Five days to Election Day! Or as our new cover puts it....
This 13 Yr Old Girl DESTROYS Hillary at Trump's Rally in Phoenix!.
Show your SUPPORT for this AMAZING girl!.
US State Dept has released 357 new Clinton emails in our search system shortly:.
"My Donald will win this election No one is better at coming from behind than him" Melania Trump.
I'm pro-life & agree that "today’s conservatism has far more to gain from the defeat of Donald Trump." ht….
Bill Maher Roasts ‘Rapist’ Donald Trump in #WhinyLittleBitch Comedy Special  via.
Busted! Here are the Complete Rigged Election Results for The Networks. via information needs to seen!.
Really amazing reflection by about what it was like to be taunted by Trump today in FL. Worth a watch, from.
"The best thing to do at this point is finish the thing.".
Bevin probe of Beshear began in spring; first public action comes five days before election via.
A new logo for the Clinton campaign  #PodestaEmails28.
Top Ten Reasons Why I'm Voting For Donald Trump.
Melania Trump made a very compelling case for a president who is not her husband.
"My husband is ready to lead this great nation." - Trump 🇺🇸 #MAGA.
Hillary Clinton's niece and Barack Obama's brother are both avid Trump supporters. I'm liking this trend..
We're LIVE on Facebook. Tune in to see the film Trump doesn't want to you see before the election!.
Lest we forget who left us in positive territory and deficit free before the mess!! Name of CLINTON!.
How the FBI rigged the election for Trump, a Facebook Live chat -- #ComeyResign.
"No woman deserves to be treated this way. No one deserves this kind of abuse." #ImWithHer.
More Women Come Forward to Accuse Donald Trump of Sexual Misconduct.
Paul Ryan does his best to avoid Donald Trump via.
Here's the debate where Donald Trump tries to not look like a sexual predator..
Donald Trump issues statement in response to Summer Zervos sexual misconduct allegations.
The most corrupt candidate in American history: Seven more Hillary Clinton scandals exposed WikiLeaks -.
Bill Clinton gets $1 million dollar "birthday check" from Qatar, the country where it's legal for husbands to beat & rape….
Gloria Allred wrecked in minutes again love #Anonymous Hillary Clinton is so busted we sent it all to the TRUMP campaign enjo….
Can't wait for Lanny Davis to gain renewed power under the Second Clinton Administration. Should be awesome!!!.
#PodestaEmails6 show Hillary's OWN team admitting the Clinton Foundation Corruption SHOULD bring Down Her Candidacy!.
Donald Trump said Lindsay Lohan is "deeply troubled and therefore great in bed".
If Obama was accused of rape and made sexually offensive comments like Donald Trump, republicans would have had a fiel….
Trump on the woman who claimed he assaulted her on a plane: “She would not be my first choice ... That would not be my fir….
Trump fantasized about sex with Lindsay Lohan: ‘Deeply troubled’ teens are ‘always the best in.
"His message: Speak out and you will regret it." Please read on the stakes of Trump's latest posturings.
A list of the accusations about Donald Trump's alleged inappropriate sexual conduct. We will update as needed..
Help spread the word-MILLIONS of WOMEN SUPPORT TRUMP.use social media&show support using new #WomenWhoVoteTrump.
Here's video of Mike Pence on answering that question on an 11 year old girl and Donald Trump.
"May God protect the real truth, and may Donald Trump win this presidency.".
Bill Clinton's Sexual Escapades via #MAGA #TRUMP2016 #HILLARY #DEBATE #DEBATES #OFFICIALTRU….
If you're Black and you vote for Hillary Clinton after she called you a Super Predator, then you really are one..
honestly, still my favorite hillary clinton ad 👌🏽.
Hillary Clinton called black people, "Super Predators." You insulted millions of hardworking women, mothers, daughters.….
Top election forecaster calls election for Hillary Clinton.
Both Women Suddenly Accusing Trump Of Sexual Assault Are Hillary Clinton Supporters And Donors via.
Best billboard of 2016 election! 😂.
This image from article really does say it all..
WE MUST BE BETTER THAN THIS !….
“If you can’t run your own house, you can’t run The White House!”.
ELECT.
"There's an election coming up, maybe you've heard about it?" :-) #nhpolitics #StrongerTogether.
Full Video: Article:.
Two more:.
Trump Is Validating the Left’s Crudest Stereotypes of the Right.
'The regular people who are making up the grassroots of Republican party want Trump to win.' ~.
New feature on the unraveling of the Trump campaign:.
During election season, it never hurts to check in with the general warning signs from a cult education website:.
Friends, this election is getting to me and if its getting to you here’s a good place to spend five minutes….
Best way to cancel an Election?.
Donald Trump fends off new sexual misconduct allegations, claims conspiracy Pic: AFP.
Donald Trump mocked women who accused him of sexual assault.
Former ‘Apprentice’ Contestant Accuses Donald Trump of Unwanted Sexual Advance - WSJ.
Megyn Kelly explains why Donald Trump can't discredit new female sex-assault accusers via.
Summer Zevos: "I left admiring Donald Trump a lot more than when I arrived.".
Zevros 2006: "I left admiring Donald Trump a lot more than when I arrived"...
Not new folks! Donald Trump has ALWAYS been known as a sexual predator. It's not a campaign or creation.
MSM will never show you this pic of beautiful ladies supporting Donald Trump!.
Trump Rejects New Sex Allegations.
VOTE ABC LIVE POLL: Everyone Is Attacking Donald Trump, Do You Still Support Him? -.
Evidence Surfaces Of Trump Making Sexual Advances On Children.
Donald Trump’s wild new rhetoric isn’t about winning — it’s about what comes next - Vox.
Clinton Foundation nothing but a straight tunnel of cash via #Hilary as Secretary of State.
Hilary Clinton's Gay Marriage Fail #lgbt #gay #lesbian.
Emails Reveal LESBIAN Hilary Clinton And LESBIAN Huma Had A Special Relationship via.
More proof Hilary Clinton is a lesbian and not a Christian like she lies about.
Hilary Clinton wishes you happy birthday ;comedy ;Ray Sipe.
WOW! #JohnPilger backs #Trump vs #Clinton-Lying-Thieving-#WallStreet - Plunder #Rape'n #CoverUp gang! #TrumpPence16….
Why does race look close, CNN? map shows MI, PA, CO firmly (> 85%) Clinton win. FL 73% Clinton win.
BREAKING: New leaked Clinton emails shows Clinton was investigating if Obama was a Muslim in 2008.
Thanks for uncritically parroting a former CIA spook & current Clinton PR functionary's unsubstantiated claims. Great service….
‘I’m kind of far removed’: Clinton admits estrangement from middle class in Wall Street paid speech #Trump2016 #MAGA.
This is funny. Chelsea Clinton and husband stealing from Clinton Foundation. Crooks stealing from crooks. Keeping it in t….
lmao They look like Bill Clinton's ex wife's.  lol.
HOW can anyone help Clinton win knowing she helps foreign countries KILL Americans? ANYTHING 4 money is her motto..
Trump to Clinton: "'Honest Abe' never lied. ... That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you" #debate.
Hillary Clinton won the second #debate, mostly because Donald Trump totally.
Donald Trump: I "wasn't impressed" when Hillary Clinton walked in front of me at debate.
The final US presidential #debate is streaming LIVE on Twitter! Go to ⚡ Moments or on Wednesday, 10/19….
Y'all 👇🏼 Pretty Much Sums Up The Election!.
Election Stress Is Very Real, Says The American Psychological … : .....
My mom sent me this, seems like a good propaganda video. Can we stop the race baiting this election year, or are bl….
How fitting it is that the election has finally turned because of another brilliant Obama. I hope America knows what they….
called the new accusations that he sexually assaulted women a "set up.".
Is coming to your town? Great him with the official.
Puppy break. The election is wearing me down. Enjoy my pup for a moment..
I am frequently asked how Ron Swanson would weigh in on this election. I was able to contact a source close to Ron and h….
About Those Hillary Slanted Polls👉 She Pays Mighty Big 💰 For Them  #MAGA #TrumpPence  #Debate.
bruh y'all too quick lmfaooo #debate.
How to watch on TV enjoyable. #ForkHillary #debate 😂😂😂.
#BREAKING More videos soon to come out featuring Donald talking about his daughter Ivanka. #Debate #TrumpTapes #mondaymo….
hmm..should Hillary bring accusers to the next debate, like d-bag did?#debate she's better than….
Hilary Clinton. A very special thank you to Donald Trump. #trump #hilary #clinton #hilaryclinton hilary2016 # 2.
I liked a video Russell Brand on Donald Trump vs Hilary Clinton (8 Mile).
🚨ALERT!!! Hillary Clinton 's Beloved Iran Deal EXPLODING As War Breaks Out With Iran today! Donald Trump Right Again!!#….
Funny Or Die - Can Hilary Clinton Lose?: A Jorge Ortiz Special Report | Can Hilary....
truth of Hilary Clinton. I am lucky I don't live in USA, good luck guys and vote for the right person..
Here are all the major newspapers that have endorsed Hillary Clinton for president.
Major win for the Clinton campaign in North Carolina ------>.
Here's what the white nationalists supporting Trump are aiming for. It goes so much beyond this campaign..
This is not a joke. Trump is planning to allege today that the sexual assault allegations are a Mexican conspiracy..
Anyone still think trump is safe for the United States?.
#IPutMyFootDownWhen the Clinton Campaign attempts to sabotage the public by creating the groping hoax. Luckily, #WikiLeaks….
This anti-Somali terrorism case in Kansas is really worrisome. Feds say the plot was scheduled for the day after the elect….
Tonight on The Factor, we'll tell you the latest revelations about the Clinton campaign in the big WikiLeaks hack - http….
The Clinton campaign is in damage control over new revelations in the latest batch of hacked emails from WikiLeaks..
Wow how much money did Hilary Clinton pay you to come out and say this? Like really when you are 21? Bitch your lik….
Love this! Clinton’s little-known crusade to save Africa’s elephants.
Hillary Clinton appoints a whole bunch of Corporate Lobbyists to her campaign.
New WikiLeaks Bombshell: Clinton Aides Discussed 'Emails to and from POTUS'.
oh my Michelle your Barrack is no saint LOL, sources have more coming. #MSMLies #debate #PodestaEmails7.
Dems Just Use #BlackLivesMatter BUT DON'T REALLY CARE ABOUT.
"Really ? She Wouldn't Be My First Choice !".
Full Video: Article:.
Jill Stein is completely correct..
25 Days Until Election Day. Let's Finish Strong Register! Vote!! Vote GOP OUT!! Vote Hillary! Vote Dem Up & Down Ticke….
A young man's expression when asked,  "Are you voting for #DonaldTrump?"  #Trump #Vote #HillaryClinton #debate #Election….
Kelly Ayotte: Donald Trump is 'absolutely' a role model for kids..
I liked a video Latinos For Trump Supporters Explains Why They are Voting for DONALD TRUMP!.
We are adorable deplorables for Trump.
Trump in 1994: "I tell friends who treat their wives magnificently, get treated like crap in return, 'Be rougher'".
Latest woman who says Trump sexually assaulted her -- later asked him for a job. Who does that?.
Top Ds determined long ago: Best weapon against Trump is his own words. Michelle's speech crystallized whole case:.
LIVE: Ex-'Apprentice' contestant Summer Zervos recounts alleged sexual misconduct by Trump. ht….
Trump's teleprompter, like his campaign, comes apart very.
New poll: Trump lead shrinks in Texas, within WFAA).
Woman says Trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s.
Trump says his teleprompters aren't working. “I like it better without the teleprompters,” then joked about knocking one over h….
is so full of shit! never left his dais! She waddled over to him! More lies!….
this to make sure everyone you know is registered to vote: #Debate.
Having already been sexually abused once, #Trump vows to #Victimize women all over again.
NYC audit finds no evidence Trump donated to 9/11 charities in year after attack, despite promising to donate $10K..
Well, at least it begins to explain Franklin Graham's exceptional devotion to Trump....
Trump in 1998, on what he'd be like as a candidate: "Can you imagine how controversial I'd be?".
LIVE on #Periscope: EXCLUSIVE: Trump Internal Polling Released by Gen Flynn to Citizens For Trump: "We Will Win".
We'll be more flexible after the election..
The US election will impact the whole world. Here’s why I believe it’s crucial to vote for your future.
.  hey comrade. When are you on the winning team? Are you not tired of losing with that cyka Hillary?….
Good night. #Debate #Trump.
Trump's tax plan sparks hope of economic resurgence... #debate.
Donald Trump's choice of hosts for new 'Trump Tower Live' show sets off mega-shockwaves #theview #maga.
FULL EVENT: Donald Trump Rally in Sanford, Florida (10/25/2016) Trump Li... via 1.
October Surprises: Trump's Child Sex Trafficking is Finally Becoming a Major Story.
Former Secretary of State Colin Powell said he will not be supporting Trump..
FULL EVENT: Donald Trump Rally in Sanford, Florida (10/25/2016) Trump Li... via 2.
Absolutely vote Trump. :-).
Trump on porn actress who accused him of misconduct: 'Oh, I'm sure she's never been grabbed before'.
Trump camp has spent more on hats than polling: report.
Ivanka Trump’s Chinese-made scarves recalled bc they’re very flammable. Boycott all Trump Products! #GrabYourWallet.
'Straight Outta Vagina': drops anti-Trump anthem celebrating female sexuality:.
Me if Donald trump wins the election 😩😐🔫.
You will have a life better than I had in the fifties and sixties of your age. Donald Trump will treat you well.
LOL. The guy with the "Blacks for Trump" sign is a former cult member who published a book that Oprah is the devil..
Inside the Beltway: Trump's new monument in the nation's capital.
I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate  #BigLeagueTruth htt….
The #debate was nearly a draw, in terms of speaking times.
The positions for the 2017 Executive Board contain full voting....
I liked a video Will the U.S. Presidential Election Be Rigged?.
I had such a great time working on the let's talk about the election series!.
Our Black Americans are Smart, they know the deal!.
Hillary the "peaceful" one:.
lol this ad should give everyone an idea of how lame the general election attack ads on Bernie would have been..
The 282 People, Places and Things #DonaldTrump Has Insulted on Twitter: A Complete List - The New York Times.
Kellyanne Conway is right. Donald Trump is losing. - toonsonline.
For other Republican candidates vying for House or Senate seats, is it smart or disloyal to steer clear of Trump?.
WOW: What Michael Moore just said about Trump is BLOWING.
They would say #Trump is full of shit.
This is why you see so much Trump..
FLORIDA: He gave you his all! It's NOW time to show your gratitude; casting the MORAL vote to elect Donald J Trump….
"My daughter, a first time voter, cast her vote for Donald J. Trump. Just doing her part to MAGA!!!".
#SourcesHaveConfirmed that Barack Obama lied to everyone and it's time to elect Donald Trump before Hillary makes it worse….
Me giving my vote to Hillary so Trump doesn't win.
Who else is going to hold it up bro lol, black people are not paying Donald Duck Trump any attention..
this to make sure everyone you know is registered to vote: #Debate.
Professors from multiple areas of study at Ohio State use their strengths to #debate  #election2016's hot topics.….
Professors from multiple areas of study at Ohio State use their strengths to #debate  #election2016's hot topics..
Exercising your right to vote isn't partisan, it's personal. Join thousands of your fellow Americans and #VoteEarly. ht….
-Wants to drone Assange.
Hillary wants to divide & conquer us...Blacks for Tr….
Which lying sack is full of political.
#debate New WIKI LEAK EMAIL dump , new 20 yr old accuser telling lies! PROOF GLORIA ALLRED WORKS FOR….
Camp Caught Accepting $2 Million Donation From China And Promising Influence In Return.
New study shows 91% of broadcast network news election coverage was.
Need a good recap of #ProjectVeritas ?.
Latest:.
Full report: #TrumpThe….
sets primetime election special for Nov. 7:.
Full report:.
Got Free Publicity.
A lot more soft-spoken than anticipated..
I don't want a "nice guy".
My dad got Hilary Clinton toilet paper but why would I wipe my ass with more shit?.
VIDEO : BRILLIANT HILLARY CLINTON ‘HAUNTED HOUSE’ GOES VIRAL – TruthFeed.
#MAGA Meanwhile Bill and Hillary Clinton both left brave soldiers stranded.. SHAMEFUL!.
At least 65 mass media reporters met or coordinated with top advisors to Hillary Clinton.
New emails show Obama ("POTUS") lied when he stated that he didn't know Clinton was using a private email address.
Report: Texas Voters Say Voting Machines Picked Clinton/Kaine with Straight Republican Ballot - Breitbart.
Could Hillary Clinton Win Texas? Some Democrats Say Maybe #TNTweeters #USLatino #uniteblue #ImWi….
10-15-2016 This rally in Ohio shows the real numbers supporting & Post to FB - TY #debate #Debates20….
Don't miss the gubernatorial #debate tonight on 88.3 fm or listen #LIVE on & don't forget to be #Radi….
The latest The Dan Cohen Weekly! Thanks to #debatenight #debate.
This is perhaps the most revealing of all the Trump quotes we've heard this election:.
There's going to be an #SNL election special to recap the contentious campaign:.
This video needs millions of views before the election. Perfect report on the Clinton Foundation crimes.
The government's ability to ensure the election process is secure is being put to the test.
We seem to have arrived at the classic "Dilbert Guy claiming to have operational knowledge about ISIS" stage of the election c….
70 disgraces that were perfectly acceptable to the GOP.
Great rally in Ashland! This election will determine America's future for generations to come. Ohio knows we must elect.
This election is more important than ever,  our children's lives & futures are at stake. Please #VoteTrum….
It's almost like Donald Trump is a real American and if we elect him we'll have someone in office who tells it like it is….
If you make this go viral, Trump will win. It's 4 minutes that makes the choice in this election crystal clear..
Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again!.
Reposting Khan ad. Powerful reminder of why this election is so important. It's about OUR and Cpt. Khan's America..
Texas is a swing state this election. YOUR VOTE REALLY DOES MATTER..
Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp, together we will #MAGA🇺🇸#Debate.
#Wikileaks are not Russian hackers. Assange is a journalist and publisher whose main sources are govt whistleblowers. #debate http….
#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate.
#CrookedHillary's plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate.
Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants, but won’t even mention “radical Islamic terrorists.” #Debate #BigL….
"It's not up for #debate - there is no such thing as a safe tan.".
Looks like Edith Munoz was busy stealing #TrumpPence16 signs. #DrainTheSwamp #debate #BigLeagueTruth.
Congrats on your win tonight #Debate.
10-17-2016 Donald Trump is gaining on Hillary Clinton in DEEP BLUE New York. Let's surprise them all and win it for Trum….
Our new North Carolina poll finds Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump 47-44, with Gary Johnson at 4%:.
Trump calls Clinton a 'great senator' and 'nice person' in 2008 video.
For Robert Allen, service always comes first. So proud of all he has done for St. Jude on campus and off. Vote here: h….
LGBTQs for Trump? His VP believes in conversion therapy and they want to reverse SCOTUS ruling on gay marriage..
10-25-2016 WikiLeaks has just released Podesta Clinton Emails 18 - Read & Retweet Thanks #Trump #CrookedHillary #NYC.
Another effective endorsement of Donald #Trump ... #debate.
Massive Crowd for Another Donald Trump Rally, Tallahassee Florida - 6:00pm Live Stream... via.
This says everything: Donald Trump’s campaign has spent more on hats than on polling. via.
"New York Times" prints two-page spread of everyone Donald Trump has insulted on Twitter: two….
10-25-2016 Donald Trump in Tampa over 20,000 supporters of all Colors and Creed's BEAUTIFUL. Now that's Unity! I'm with….
But he is SUCH A GREAT BUSINESSMAN 😂: Donald Trump's campaign has spent more on hats than on polling #ImWithHer.
Inside Donald Trump’s One-Stop Parties: Attendees Recall Cocaine and Very Young Models via.
I liked a video Donald Trump's Closing Argument: A Closer Look.
ChristiChat: WDFx2EU7: Donald Trump would do more for blacks than any other president since Abe Lincoln BLACKS … ht….
FIE ON CLINTON'S DIRTY TRICKS: If this is the only way Hilary can win, her team must have sub-zero confidence in their….
"Bill Clinton was a great president"  "Hilary is a smart woman"--D Trump.
"Hilary Clinton is a great woman." Donald Trump, eight years ago..
HILARY CLINTON WANTS TO DESTROY AMERICA2PROFIT BUT DONALD TRUMP IS A PROVEN SUCCESS&.
Trump is unhinged, uneducated, unAmerican, & unqualified. Clinton is calm, intelligent, experienced, & qualified. #HillaryC….
LEAKED EMAIL: Clinton Camp on Obama Emails to Hillary, 'We need to clean this up’.
UH OH: Texas Republicans reporting their early votes are being changed to Clinton-Kaine.
UH OH: Texas Republicans Reporting Their Early Votes Are Being Changed To Clinton-Kaine #earlyvotes #votingmachines.
LEAKED EMAIL: Clinton Camp On Obama Emails To Hillary, 'We Need To Clean This Up'.
They want Hillary Clinton to start talking about the REAL ISSUES affecting our community - "FREE KODAK".
Clinton camp panicked over Obama response to email server: 'We need to clean this up — he has emails from her'.
"we need to clean this up" -- Clinton campaign panics after Obama misleads public over Clinton emails.
🚨🚨"That's Not Who We Are" Refuses to Condemn Clinton Camp Religion test demanding Muslims get good Gov jobs….
New Wikileaks: Clinton Received Classified Intel AFTER Resignation As Secretary Of State  htt….
Flight logs show Bill Clinton flew on sex offender's jet much more than previously known | Malia Zimmerman, Fox News ht….
Trump is LIVE NOW. #trumpwins #trumpwon #trump.
#DemocraticWomen :-) 'Enough is enough': Michelle Obama excoriates Donald Trump in power... #Feminism #Uniteblue.
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in CINCINNATI, OH 10/13/16 via 2.
Michelle Obama slams Donald Trump for bragging about sexually predatory behavior 🔓.
WATCH LIVE: Donald Trump speaking at Cincinnati rally.
FACT CHECK: They say he’s a racist who doesn’t respect women.  Donald Trump says millennials love hi….
WATCH LIVE: Donald Trump speaks at Cincinnati campaign stop.
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in CINCINNATI, OH 10/13/16 via.
Arrested Development x Donald Trump. Best meme yet..
Rapaz x 3 "3 more women just accused Donald Trump of sexual assault".
Boycott Hits Donald Trump's Fancy New Hotel.
Donald Trump's Sexual Abuse Victims.
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in CINCINNATI, OH 10/13/16 via 3.
Michelle Obama slammed Donald Trump for “bragging about sexually assaulting women”.
More Favors The Honey Do List For Hilary Clinton. The Lies & Corruption Doesn't Stop! The Ppl Need To Stop It For T….
#news #world Surprise! A presidential debate on the issues: Economic advisers for Hillary Clinton and... #recent.
Worth the read from Fusion - about Clinton Foundation and Colombia --.
More #Wikileaks: We learn that Qatar, a terror state that funds #ISIS, gave the Clinton Foundation $1 million dollars for….
Bold move: Clinton welcomes endorsement from the man responsible for Ice Town.
#PodestaEmails6 show Hillary's OWN team admitting the Clinton Foundation Corruption SHOULD bring Down Her Candidacy!.
Actually, called it in May. Michelle Obama is the Clinton campaign's strongest, most effective advocate..
Worth the read from Fusion - about Clinton Foundation and Colombia -- by #DonaldJTrumpJr via.
New York Times To Trump Over Lawsuit Threat: We Don’t Give A F*ck #Debate.
Donald Trump Responds To Sexual Assault Claims Made By People Magazine Writer And Media | TIME.
“A comprehensive guide to accepting Donald Trump’s sexual assault denials” by.
I don't care what Michelle Obama has to say.. Regular women love Trump!.
It’s not unusual Trump’s accusers took many years to come forward. Most women never report sexual assault at all. [Grap….
MichObama expressd how she fears for her daughters because of men like Trump who brag about sexual assault. Takes daughters to….
No one wants to stay in Donald Trump's DC hotel. More proof his brand is a literal dumpster fire. v….
‘Should Have Never Given Women Right To Vote’ — Trump Fans Supporting #RepealThe19th (TWEETS/VIDEO): We will ....
Funny illustrations of Hillary Clinton & Donald Trump as pop culture icons.
I love this!!! I don't agree with everything Donald Trump says or does but he is WAY better than Hilary Clinton!!.
84% now certain how they'll vote in this year’s election. Among those, it's #Trump 49%, #Clinton 46%..
2016 General Election - Clinton 45%, Trump 38% (FOX News 10/10-10/12).
on Latest Clinton, Trump Scandals: 'Neither Party Is Clean on This'.
Do voters think Clinton is a good role model for children? Trump? #Poll Details:.
Opinion: If Trump leaks are OK and Clinton leaks are not--there is a problem. by.
Hello, my name is Jessica Leeds, I am a Trump sexual assault victim. I just happen to be a clinton foundation secretar….
'Clinton IS the war on women... she enabled this behavior' 'We know that to be true'.
In conversations I've had around Columbus this week, I do get the sense that some Clinton supporters are certainly quieter. htt….
⚡️ “What to know about the latest batch of Clinton campaign.
may check into this the bill clinton leads to some interesting things.
This is my primary problem with Clinton..
To all who love our country, Hillary Clinton MUST be stopped from changing our Supreme Court..
Will the Press Ever Ask Hilary Clinton To Explain Her "Dream" Of "Open Borders" Throughout the Whole World?.
More Favors The Honey Do List For Hilary Clinton. The Lies & Corruption Doesn't Stop! The Ppl Need To Stop It For The DC….
Nice picture of me at the #debate.
One of the best moments for me in the #debate I know #Hillary & trolls are feeling the heat with #wikileaks #PodestaEmails #T….
Meta Theory: Donald Trump will win the election WITH THE POWER OF THE CHAOS EMERALDS?!.
Just one week from TONIGHT, a anchor will be moderating a general election presidential #debate for the first time….
Important news about the upcoming election.
WATCH: #Russia's FM leaves Amanpour speechless: 'So many pussies' on both sides of the U.S. election.
A Truly Free Press Will Always Be an Inconvenience To The Government.
i honestly believe love 2C Govt default on Debt-then he & other Billionaires can pick at the corpse.
Top 10 Hillary Clinton scandals exposed by WikiLeaks - -.
She filled a KINDERGARTEN class room today Hillary Clinton packed a crowd with her endless blabbering of piles of bullshit #A….
HILLARY Clinton "Took Me Through Hell" Says 12yr. Old RAPE.
No matter how much Hillary Clinton lies, this speaks for itself..
YOU'RE DAMN RIGHT HE WOULD HAVE: "Leaked Hillary Clinton Emails: Could Bernie Sanders Have Won If Leaked Earlier?".
#CNN Clinton News Network is #Hillary's Super PAC anything for their rotten queen from hell.
Vanity Fair: Trump’s Advice for Seducing Women in 2010 “Move Forward, Even if You Get Smacked“.
4chan JUST hacked Podesta's new email. Internal polls show #Trump up in CO & Dems terrified of increased turnout. #Podest….
Trump is right that actions count more than words. But, my column notes, his actions are even worse than his words.
Trump supporters tweet #RepealThe19th after poll shows he'd win if only men voted.
As far as I'm concerned Trump support is an immediate disqualifier. Vote him out!.
Trump says 21,000 people are at tonight's rally at US Bank arena. Watch live:.
What a day. FLOTUS delivered a speech like no other First Lady has. Trump attacked basically everyone..
BREAKING: After Leaked Audio, James Dobson Issues Huge Trump Announcement.
Michelle Obama denounces Trump for 'bragging about sexually assaulting women'.
Trump fights for survival amid allegations of sexual misconduct.
Breaking! Family friend of Trump's New York Times accuser just dropped a truthbomb and it doesn't look good!.
INSTANT JUSTICE: Trump “Sexual Assault” Story Immediately Debunked With 3 Simple Photos.
Wow, even biased NBC poll has Trump winning OH!.
I can't seig heil Trump's popularity was historically relevant.
How can Trump win the election with all the rigging, corruption, cheating already going on?.
"Trump has consistently demonstrated a contempt for the role of the press.".
We war-gamed the presidency under Trump and Hillary. The good news? We didn’t lose Kamchatka..
"He engaged in the textbook definition of sexual assault" —A stunned Joe Biden on the Trump tape:.
Been in FL for five hours. Saw a good friend I haven't seen in a while, three Trump signs and the ugliest ducks ever. #adve….
Damn it, somebody let the cat out of the bag: A Trump lawsuit could expose his sexual history.
Now we know why Hilary does so many phone interviews.....
"2016 #Campaign News: Jimmy Kimmel Will Host Live Broadcast After Third #Presidential #Debate #News" :.
Two-Face is lying even to her own supporters. Despicable !!!.
bruh y'all too quick lmfaooo #debate.
Really 230 million current AND future #SocialSecurity recipients are more than ready 4 #debate!….
Sharyl Attkisson ignites firestorm about media’s latest onslaught: ‘Somebody is very, very worried’ #debate.
This made me laugh out loud. #debate #BuffyTheVampireSlayer.
Excellent point! Ha! #debate.
bruh y'all too quick lmfaooo #debate .
"Sid is lost in his own web of conspiracies" said John. #PodestaEmails6 #WhyWomenDontReport #treatyoself #debate.
So we're breaking free.
Hilary said young girls seek out older men for sex..
Wow supporters calling for NYC Dem Election Commish to be fired for telling truth about #VoterID.
Oh lawd. I love this woman via.
Most Americans & media are too distracted by reality show US election to care about real humanitarian issues import….
You laugh now, #repealthe19th.
US sees more signs Russia feeding emails to WikiLeaks from.
North Carolina's Senate race now pretty much a toss-up, which makes Democrats' path to majority a lot more robust..
NEW WSJ/NBC/Marist poll.
Remember said Hillary won primary before CA vote harming Bernie?.
Well, that's a new one....
#GrabThemByTheBallot Make America Great Again means put women & minorities in their place..
#NeverTrump Now Trailing In Every Major National Poll #TNTweeters #USLatino #uniteblue #Gop #Lib….
That "special place in hell" awaits!!.
#EarlyEd is one of the best ways to strengthen our country. should ask candidates to discuss during.
just gave one of the most powerful and emotional speeches of this election. Read it here:.
ONE MORE DAY: NYers, you have until tomorrow to register to vote in the upcoming Presidential election..
Election Day is more than YOU going to vote. It's about making sure that EVERYONE in your community go to the polls….
Michelle Obama today in NH--perhaps THE best speech of this entire election year. At one point she almost cried:.
We're going to party like it's 1776 if the GOP doesn't get their act together & learn how to win an election..
This is the type of unbiased journalism all my students should use to decide stances & get election info. Good work….
One of the most powerful videos I've seen during this Presidential election!.
He is old establishment, regardless of the election outcome, the old establishment is over.
just gave one of the most powerful and emotional speeches of this election. Read it here:….
"Now is the time for all of us to stand up and say enough is enough. This has got to stop right now." on Trump….
This #Wikileaks alone is truth about the stolen primary. Her own people cite her as disaster. We must stop election:.
Can we stop making this a "sexist" election yet? Women on both sides who seem perfectly reasonable..
Share & this fantastic n….
Michelle Obama Just Gave This Election's Most Important Speech - by.
Trump needs thousands of poll watchers. If Hillary will put hits out on people, she will surely rig the election.
Vice President Joe Biden says Donald Trump's remarks are the "textbook definition of sexual assault".
Joe Biden says Donald Trump's recently-leaked comments are the 'textbook' definition of sexual assault.
Donald Trump says he'll sue the over new allegations of inappropriate behaviour. NYT lawyer says bring it.. http….
Quote from Elie Wiesel, who survived Hitler and the #Holocaust, is chillingly relevant w/ #Trump running for POTUS:.
Report: #NBC Execs Timed Leak of Trump Tape To Cause Most Damage And Influence The Election… #MAGA.
I feel bad for republicans they waited 8 yrs to have their own in the house & they know it wont happen with Trump. Better l….
The Religious Right’s Devotion to Donald Trump Will End the Movement As We Know It.
Looks like Trump is going to own the NEW YORK TIMES thanks John Podesta.
The New York Times replies to Trump's threat. Insert fire emoji here..
WaPo: Anyone who votes for Hilary will be able to look back, four years from now, with pride in that decision:.
Happy Birthday Bill Clinton, here's $1mil from Isis-funding Qatar, who would like to invest $20mil in Haiti. #PodestaEmail….
New leaked emails show Clinton campaign in contact with DOJ officials regarding Hillary's emails!.
Clinton far ahead in Electoral College race: Reuters/Ipsos poll.
Not a bad idea! Let the truth come out. SCOTUS rules on Constitutional Law, not rewrite it as Obama/Clinton want!.
BOMBSHELL: Did Clinton campaign chairman Podesta illegally meet with top Super PAC Priorities.
Hillary Clinton's economic plan is so filled with errors and mistakes that it requires a point-by-point debunking..
Clinton Foundation pays women LESS than men. Trump hires MORE high paid female execs than men.
EARLY VOTING In FL Shows DT Winning Election By Landslide. #Trump FIRST Republican EVER to win early votes in FL!.
"We can't fix a Rigged System by electing the people who rigged it in the first place." - Donald Trump.
Trump: "My admin. will immediately pursue the following 6 measures to clean up the corruption and special interest collusion i….
Trump Tests New Pitch: Mexico Will ‘Reimburse’ Us For The Wall we are going to pay for the wal….
Need a good #Vintage #BOOK Shop #Hillary2016 #Trump #Debate #debatenight.
This couldn't have worked out better. #DonaldTrump #HillaryClinton #puppet #debate #funny #yourethepuppet.
Voter fraud isn't real, though. #PodestaEmails15 #debate #MAGA #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
BRILLIANT #USpol #debate #podcast on MamaMia No Filter: #ImWithHer.
There's no #debate if delivers Votes wins!.
Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp, together we will #MAGA🇺🇸#Debate.
Newt's analysis seems pretty spot-on: #Debate.
You thought the #GOP's love affair with anti-intellectual clowns might end after Trump? Here comes Curt Schilling… #hardball….
Never forget what actual election rigging looks like. It looks like North Carolina on the first day of early voting..
Everyone check out our new ad! Protecting our sovereign borders and stopping terrorism are two of the most important issu….
How many convicted felons do you know who have visited the White House 340x,or met with Obama 40x? Meet fired Clinton helpe….
Now, thanks to Hillary & braindead supporters, Wall Street wants a cut of your pay. You know, for your 'retirement'..
Clinton will win by one of the largest margins in recent history.
2 straight years of #HRC getting raked by the press 4 email & Benghazi, you don't see HER whining!.
Regardless of how you feel about Trump, if you watch the Gettysburg speech and don't feel excited, are you even American?….
Talk to your loved ones about this election—there's too much at stake to sit out..
"This country needs to be shaken up. It needs to be shaken to its very core, and Donald Trump is doing that." -.
Woman says Trump sexually assaulted her, offered her $10,000 for sex ➡️ by.
12th woman comes forward accusing Trump of sexual assault, says he also offered her 10K for sex.
Today I early voted in Henderson, NV for DONALD J. TRUMP! Here is why:.
Woman says Trump sexually assaulted her, offered her $10,000 for sex ➡️ by via.
Woman says Trump sexually assaulted her, offered her $10,000 for sex ➡️ by #GotchaBastard.
🇺🇸 #Election2016 #TrumpsGettysburgAddress? In Gettysburg, #Trump outlines agenda for first 100 days via.
Michael Moore: Anyone voting for Trump is a 'legal terrorist'.
Trump says voter fraud is fine so long as they vote for him #onlythedead.
#PodestaEmails15: The Clinton camp admitting that we are not where we need to be against Isis, far from it.
This election will be as honest as Venezuela's, but thanks to #MSM #Clinton collusion, nobody will care..
🚨🚨 BREAKING  | US HOUSE Calls for Independent Investigation of Special Treatment  Given to Key Clinton Insiders.
Buoyed by rising polls, Clinton shifts to a new target: the House and Senate.
#Trump & #Clinton are creating divisions in #American public.1 will win and move on but divisions will stay 4 long….
Trump has no idea he's being played, and Putin's loving every minute of it! #Debate #TrumpIsPutinsPuppet.
Trump: "Of course, there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day.".
Prominent evangelical theologian explains why he’s changing his tune and endorsing Donald Trump.
Only one Donald is winnin' this year, and it sure as shit ain't Trump..
This Video Proves Trump Is Right About Election Fraud with integrity should stan….
Donald Trump saw a boy who was lost in New York and didn't tell anyone..
Jean-Claude Van Damme says we need Donald Trump. Tells it like it is. Great interview..
Doing some fine work. You and mr trump are made for this job.....
With a bit of luck, Hillary will have done herself in with her own party:.
Positions of candidates are clear..
An American former DNC staffer, SETH RICH  (since murdered).
NEW VERITAS VIDEO: Syrian men faking passports in Europe are excited about Hillary.
Exactly!!! 😥😥.
Wikileaks Releases First Batch Of Barack Obama Emails & They Hint At A Rigged Election.
#UT Early voting 4 genrl election begins Oct #ElectionsMatter #GOTV #GetEngaged.
wise words from josh malina here, doing a great job summarising this election cycle.
#gettysburg speech MAGNIFICENT!! THIS ELECTION IS ABOUT America Surviving!! #OnlyTrump.
'Election Stress Disorder' is real, you guys:.
She only wants a $12 million donation.
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning, thank you. Lets #DrainTheSwamp and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!….
In my first 100 days I will bring lawsuits against those who have criticized me..
Best,.
WIKILEAKS: pay recommendations kept huge pay gap for men,.
- Fox News poll: wins veterans by 17 points #PodestaEmails15 #DrainTheSwamp #Gett….
Women will influence this election. Immigrants will show their voice in November. Powerful speech.
Council seats net Loss/Gain since May main cycle.
Top 10 Love Stories of Donald Trump.
I liked a video from DONALD TRUMP CAN'T BE SAVED !! - MR PRESIDENT.
I liked a video This Video Will Get Donald Trump Elected.
Russia Trolls U.S. With Offers to Provide Election Monitors. trust them more than Hillary & the dem….
That's this week's phony.  Should be at least two more until the election.  It's all the dems have, just more b.s.….
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG & our people will be SAFE..
Professor Helmut Norpoth stands by prediction that Trump will win the 2016 election..
"It’s kind of like picking a seat on the Titanic. I'd rather have other choices" – Ohio voter on the election.
EDITORIAL | is easily the best candidate for president.
Donald Just Let Me Steal The Election ..It's Good For Democracy Says Hillary 😂 #PodestaEmails14  #deba….
Women accuse Trump of sexual assault: Wall to wall media coverage..
Adult film actress accuses Donald Trump of offering $10,000 to come alone to hotel suite.
Top LGBT Republican group declines to endorse Donald Trump.
Major union just launched boycott against Trump's hotels unions should work to #BREAKtrump, a….
You should be endorsing Donald Trump! He is the 1st republican to embrace #LGBT community. It's a great movement..
#Debate Trump is right that #Libya was largely destroyed as a result of Clinton's... by #Scully64 via.
Wow James Madison predicted Donald Trump pretty much exactly in The Federalist #51:.
15 women have now come forward accusing Trump of some form of sexual assault.
Jean-Claude Van Damme: Trump Is The Only Anti-Globalist Candidate - There's more of them supporting #TrumpPence16.
Trump Jr. said the video of his dad bragging abt sexual assault is a good thing. Shows he's real -- not like Hillary.
"These hands clean the rooms... for Mr. Trump so he can be rich." Meet the Trump workers who are not voting for him.
I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate  #BigLeagueTruth htt….
Trump won the debate... and I still believe he will win the election. #Election2016 #debate.
I'm on the #TrumpTrain and will be watching the final #debate LIVE on Twitter tonight!.
will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate #BigLeague….
Well, that was during the #Debate are fun. #DebateNight.
You know you're on the side of the angels when the Aryan Teen Trump Bot is consistently your first replier.
Professor with Remarkable Track Record Predicts a Trump Election Win.
Woman says Trump sexually mistreated her at 2006 golf event ➡️ by.
'Lincoln spoke just 272 perfect words Trump blew a few thousand ad-libbed words on his intro via.
Richard Branson recalls "bizarre" lunch with revenge-obsessed Donald Trump.
Full Speech: Donald Trump Delivers Historic Speech in Gettysburg, PA 10/… via #Gettysburg #BigLe….
CUBASIKASTRONO-5: Trump would win if election were held today.
This Wieden & Kennedy Food Cart Has Free Donald Trump Baloney Sandwiches.
Watch "LIVE Stream: Donald Trump, Mike Pence Rally in Cleveland, OH 10/22/16".
Hilarious! Eric Trump tricked into taking photo with woman wearing shirt that says ‘Latina AGAINST Trump’ in Spanish.
Professor with Remarkable Track Record Predicts a Trump Election Win #maga #trumptrain #imwtiher.
Eleventh Woman Accuses Trump of Sexual Misconduct.
Watch Live: Trump in Cleveland - Breitbart.
Denying Trump’s Denial, US Intel Chief Says There’s More Evidence of Russian Hacking via.
CUBASIKASTRONO-5: Trump would win if election were held today #CUBASIKASTRONO via.
My manager and assistant manager dressed up as Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton. Amazing..
From There Are 4 Ways This Election Can End — And 3 Involve Clinton Winning..
This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK! #November8th #BigLeagueTruth #Debate.
Can you say you stepped up when it counted most? Chip in before tonight's #debate to show you're on Hillary's team: htt….
Bought an top to #WearRed on Nov 8th Election Day!.
Hope everyone is enjoying their weekend. Please enjoy this pic of Curt Schilling being embarrassed that no one showed up to hi….
Gov. in Durango "voter fraud is real..." #debate #debatenight.
Classy Trump Supporter Holds Sign With Bullseye Over Clinton's Face At Virginia Rally via.
"Hillary Clinton is far better than Trump or anyone else running. She should be president.".
The best part of this election has for sure been watching slowly devolve into a literal baby. (by.
(͡๏̯͡๏) 2 Women Come Forward With Donald Trump Groping Allegations: The New York Times is out with a bombshel....
2 Women Come Forward With Donald Trump Groping Allegations: The New York Times is out with a bombshell report....
Trump has been ranting for days about Bill Clinton's affairs, but now Team Trump finds the issue of sexual assault a distract….
By not paying his fair share of taxes, Donald Trump has been hurting Americans working toward the middle class:.
In March, the PAC supporting Jeb was running ads warning of Trump's behavior toward women..
BIG THANKS to for the coverage! is getting popular... #debate.
Trump addresses the #MSM's accusation that he "invaded Hillary's space" from 2nd #Debate. Laugh RIOT!😂 Added some flavor for….
gets a 2 hr special after the #debate! In that time it was back to Trump bashing & showing the tape 3 TIMES….
This is the one thing about the election I do appreciate. It is good to know who the human garbage cans are..
It is now more likely for Clinton to win Texas than it is for Trump to win the presidency..
Trump threatens to sue the New York Times over another story, which is basically a weekly occurrence at this point..
The Liberal Media is out in full force tonight trying to take down Donald Trump. if you support Trump regardless of….
There's nothing in the statement to suggest he wants ppl to vote Trump. Looks only anti Clinton to me. Leaving POTU….
TW: Trump is 70 years old. He grew up in the 50s & 60s so when he says "in the good ol' days" this is what he means. ht….
Story has multiple women on record, describing precisely the same behavior Trump bragged of to Billy Bush.
Trump is telling people to vote on November 28th, y'all. This is real life..
I am not the one who will be mourning on Nov 8th. It will be a grand celebration that we elected #Trump President.….
TWO OLD LADIES CONNECTED TO THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY SAID TRUMP TOUCHED THEM PRICELESS HILLARY HAS LOST ALL HOPE WE HAVE HIT MAKE….
Bill Clinton Mocks ‘The Coal People’ In West Virginia, Kentucky For Supporting Trump [VIDEO] via.
Trump campaign attacks the New York Times for doing exactly what the Trump campaign has been doing to Bill Clinton.
With the election of the first woman President..
The Media starting another Smear campaign on Trump right before the next Debate,  IGNORE IT! We are headed to the White….
What trump and Hilary really think about Africans and Immigration.
Trump Urges His Supporters To Get Out And Vote ...On Nov. 28th?: Rachel Maddow had a little fun with the....
This is so funny 😂 😂.
remember Troy and Gabriella? This is them now, feel old yet?.
This is what could win election!! Cernovich J.P. & B.A. MAGA3X will NOT work do damning….
We have so much to talk about when this election is over..
There is more power in this gif than the entire presidential election.
Going forward remember this story is 'he said, THEY said' with side of 'he admitted this is exactly his M.O. on.
Are you aware dumbass, that BENGHAZI is IN Libya?….
Trump: ISIS will "take over this country" if Hilary wins....
NEW #SassyTrump: Tweety Trump All words #TrumpTapes #debate.
Hmm.Two faced policies much?? What a JOKE! Wonder what his blood money was worth? #Trump….
Trump campaign will be rolling out new sex abuse victims of Bill and Hillary..
Two more women describe Trump behavior that resembles his bragging about sexual assault.
Trump tortured and raped a 13 year old girl FOUR TIMES.
He say if Donald Trump win, we gotta start reading terms & conditions!!!! 😭💀.
In 1992 footage, Donald Trump looks at a group of 10 year old girls, and says, I'll be dating them in 10 years..
Pressed by CNN's Jerry Falwell Jr. says he would vote for Trump even if he has a record of sexual assault. ht….
WHAT A COINCIDENCE! These 2 SUDDENLY appear JUST as VERY DAMAGING WikiLeaks come out LOL! Wonder HOW much Never Trump & Brooklyn….
This video mash of Donald Trump and his "good ol' days" makes its point extremely well #auspol.
ChristiChat: WDFx2EU7: Trump slams media for ignoring 'incredible' WikiLeaks emails via DCE….
America will WIN again with Trump! Get your Official Campaign Yard Sign now..
Is this NEW? Mindy McGillivray says #Trump groped her in Palm.
"These women wanted to be heard and we were very happy to have them here as our guests tonight." #Debate #Fo….
I'm so glad that #JusticeForJuanita is trending. Her voice needs to be heard.  #debate #TrumpTapes #ImWithHer #MAGA.
Pence: 'We will appoint a special prosecutor' to probe Clinton, family foundation: RALEIGH... #tcot #ccot #pjnet.
BREAKING: New Emails Tie Chelsea Clinton to 7-Year, $6 Million Government Contracts Scheme.
'We will appoint a special prosecutor' to probe Clinton, family foundation.
ACLU Is Ready To Sue Clinton If Her Administration Doesn't Protect Civil Liberties.
Pence: 'We will appoint a special prosecutor' to probe Clinton, family foundation.
Team Clinton Taught Staff How to Coordinate with Super PACs Without Getting Prosecuted.
You must be a psychopath who thinks it was great when Clinton cackled when Gaddafi was sodomized to death with a knife….
Judge Curiel rules be tried for racketeering in Trump U suit on 11/28 (Donald's new 'election day').
JUST IN: Footage from 1992 shows Donald Trump greeting a young girl, saying he will date her in 10 years.
1992 video tape surfaces in which Donald Trump tells a young girl, "I'm going to be dating her in 10 years" - CBS News/ET http….
At This Point, If You're Still a Donald Trump Supporter, Here's What You Really Are - via.
Thank you Mr. Trump for inspiring me to get out and.
Donald Trump has a "Roger Ailes problem." His brazenness, and that of his bullyboy defenders, is encouraging more women to….
Hillary Clinton denial of #wikileaks emails is more LIE, DENY, DEFLECT..
New Email Suggests Had Exact Wording of Proposed Town Hall Question shared w/ Clinton camp..
BREAKING! WIKILEAKS EMAIL Shows Bill Clinton Allegedly Sexually Abused His 3rd COUSIN While She Babysat Chelsea.
HILLARY CLINTON CONSPIRACY THEORIES ARE YOU SURE ABOUT HILARY FOR PREZ?!?!?!.
Hilary Clinton is Dead Now a Clone Serrogate Robot Fly Landing: via.
Hillary Clinton and Democrats grow more confident in Colorado.
'Catholic group demands top Clinton aide resign over leaked.
Clinton up by 11.6 in new Michigan poll taken post-tape:.
Catholic group demands top Clinton aide resign over leaked emails.
* #WikiLeaks Finds Top #Clinton Aides Mock Evangelical Christians,Catholics.
Wikileaks reveals Hillary Clinton deleted emails herself.... This keeps getting more interesting. #CrookedHillary.
Two women claim #Trump touched them inappropriately in new report #Debate.
Two women tell New York Times Donald Trump touched them inappropriately, but Trump campaign calls it "fiction".
Two women tell New York Times Donald Trump touched them inappropriately, but... by #BBCBreaking via.
Two women say Trump inappropriately touched them in new report – campaign live - via.
Will more come forward? Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately.
Two More Women Say Touched Them Inappropriately via.
Women say Trump touched inappropriately: Two women tell New York Times that Donald Trump ... from world news app.
NYT: Donald Trump inappropriately touched 2 women: According to a report from the New York….
"Hey dad, aren't those some of the women you raped, sitting right over there?".
Ready to watch the #debate..
Seriously the most relevant GIF for this.
So, McConnell - since the election is pretty much done now, you wanna stop obstructing the president's constitu….
3 new sexual assault allegations in the last hour. #TrumpTapes #nevertrump #ImWithHer #dumptrump  http….
You’re busy, but don’t worry, we’ll go through the latest #Wikileaks…. They keep on coming…. Especially those....
This is hands down the best Bill Clinton #debate meme I've seen..
These women decided to go public 4 weeks before the election, not telling police at the time. Amazing.
Top Clinton Aides Mock Catholicism & Evangelical Christianity as Bastardization of the Faith..
Multiple women say Donald Trump made inappropriate sexual advances on them.
There’s a difference between “sex talk” and “sexual assault talk.”.
But top Hilary campaign adviser admits in leaked email that raising minimum wage will cost.
So much for 1st Amendment Freedoms.
When you're thinking, "Are you kidding me?" but can't say that out loud. #Debate.
#debate club first meeting & an awesome turnout! #nodaysoff.
Schwarzenegger opens up about his 'fantastic' son Joseph.
WOW. Can't believe this! #Debate #PodestaEmails.
Voters, do not retain Cook Co. judges! Esp do not retain if rated (the ultra rare) "Not Qualified." #WednesdayWisdom.
First time voting in a presidential election AND I got to vote in my turf! Today I made HERstory. #OHVotesEarly.
Lol..
Loved this!  #Presidentialdebate #Debate 2016.
Remember when you're watching tonights #Debate that Hillary called us SUPER PREDAT….
GREATEST!.
bruh y'all too quick lmfaooo #debate .
WIKILEAKS Confirmed..
When your own daughter won't even kiss you. 😳 #debate.
Click-bait! What I said is he spoke for 45 minutes & covered 2 comments instead of substance. Sound familiar? http….
Let's get one thing straight: these aren't emails. They're emails..
#DonaldTrump campaign dismisses New York Times #groping story as ‘fiction’:.
MSM will find ways to keep this Narrative alive. Todd Akin all over again..
Emails shine new light on Cheryl Mills' conflicts....
#crookedhillary's own daughter CVC has own investigation into CGI: Blood not thinker than water #podestaemails5.
New allegations!! 🌬🌬🌬.
Well no fucking shit buddy lol.
Hey Bill Clinton YOU ARE THE REDNECK OK! I'm proud supporting Trump, Hilary &Bill Clinton areso racist  Bill shut up.
Hilary Clinton. A very special thank you to Donald Trump. #trump #hilary #clinton #hilaryclinton hilary2016 # 2.
I love this!!! I don't agree with everything Donald Trump says or does but he is WAY better than Hilary Clinton!!.
BOMBSHELL!!! Astonishing Evidence of PAY4PLAY !!! Hillary Clinton Foundation & State !! Donald Trump #PodestaEmails4 ht….
A new tool from the Clinton campaign pits Clinton against Trump throughout their lives via.
Clinton aides receive immunity, AGLoretta Lynch meeting with Bill Clinton right before FBI announcement and Trump h….
Trump completely unhinged: ISIS will take over America if Clinton wins..
Will the Press Ever Ask Hilary Clinton To Explain Her "Dream" Of "Open Borders" Throughout the Whole World?.
Will the Press Ever Ask Hilary Clinton To Explain Her "Dream" Of "Open Borders" Throughout the Whole.
i think i love hilary clinton.
Easy for you to say Gandhi you didn't have to deal with Hilary Clinton..
Forget Clown sightings, HILARY CLINTON SIGHTING IN NEW JERSEY, be safe! #ClownSightings #HilaryClinton.
RETWEET if you know Donald Trump is going to win on November 8th. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
Conway to Wallace: This Race Is Not Over; Trump Is Leading In 3 "Major" National Polls via.
Greens vote surges in early council election counting across both sides of the Yarra.
Election Day is fast-approaching—take advantage of early voting, Iowa, and find your closest polling location:.
G.O.P. Hopefuls in New York Races Walk Tightrope on Donald Trump #news #newstica.
G.O.P. Hopefuls in New York Races Walk Tightrope on Donald Trump.
Portland opens a "Donald Trump BS"  food truck that serves nothing but free baloney sandwiches, on white bread, in a g….
New York Times - G.O.P. Hopefuls in New York Races Walk Tightrope on Donald Trump.
Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 9 points in a new national poll out today ahead of tonight's final debate.
"Saturday Night Live" spoofs Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, in 3rd presidential debate; Tom Hanks plays moderator.
Early Voting In Florida Shows Trump Winning Election By Landslide via.
WATCH: DONALD TRUMP HOLDS RALLY IN NAPLES, FL LIVE STREAM.
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG & our people will be SAFE..
on #debate attack on "I thought that was one of his best answers of the night." #Th….
Highly recommend vids on the election, #PodestEmails, etc.—Hilarious & excellent political journalism.
The recent election in Canberra was important for #PublicHousing.
Watching 60 minutes right now...  Great piece on the election.  Ohio has voted 'correctly' for the election every....
Even the New York Times has figured it out..
Quite the riff from Trump on Mosul, says Iraqi military went in to Mosul so Obama could look good before an election he's not….
Posting this every day until the election. How one party's supporters are dishonoring the Greatest.
Your vote will determine who fills the Supreme Court vacancy. That’s why this election is so important. #GunVote.
Video: Putin tells Americans, "You're being distracted from the REAL ISSUES".
"wins" all #debate vs with excellent recall of facts and policies, yet can't answer the #FB….
Interested to know what Hillary and the #ClintonFoundation did in Haiti? Read this. You're welcome. #Debate #debatenigh….
Best Ad ever.. #Obama spilling the beans on #Hillary #Debate #ImWithHer #DWTS #TheVoice #NLCS #Cubs #O….
How much speaking time did each candidate get during the final #Debate?.
Tonight's the final #debate. Watch for free here:.
this to make sure everyone you know is registered to vote: #Debate.
Talk to your loved ones about this election—there's too much at stake to sit out..
Prior to this election thought she was untouchable. Thanks & #PodestaEmails16….
Clean up Washington #DrainTheSwamp #Debate.
Live in Vegas! #debate.
Calling the credible is like calling Hitler a Rabbi!.
#60Minutes the woman is AWESOME !.
🚨The panic in the DemocRATic party is real yall ! Internally they talk about it. Ignore the polls, a Trump landslide is comi….
The corruption of the Obama administration has been over the top.  And it will continue if #CrookedHillary is elected.  W….
Really????!!!? #clinton #hilary #hilaryclinton #election #vote #election2016 #elections.
Hilary Clinton whacks Rudy Giuliani at the #AlSmithDinner and his reaction is amazing..
Article that frames Hillary Clinton perfectly "Hilary the Wiccan of Wellesley".
look at this! Hilary Clinton 😂😂 you know what's the best beer ever! 😂😂😂….
If Clinton wins Florida, Trayvon Martin's mother will be one of the state's Electoral College members.
How is Hilary Clinton winning in the polls if she can't even fill a high school gymnasium???....
For you who wants to vote Hilary and see only regular tv but don't have additional....
(COMING TO A BASEMENT OR CLOSET NEAR YOU!).
In efforts to undermine our Republic, George Soros has colluded w/ Dems for yrs doing exactly what they claim Russi….
Ready to vote? Consider how changes like tax reform could impact your finances. #debate.
We had an auditor talk to you and we're happy to report you only had "constructive criticisms"! (they rated CF 4/10) htt….
Listen to a special election Blunt Force Truth Weekly Wrap-up..
An American former DNC staffer, SETH RICH  (since murdered).
What you can conclude about Seth Rich is he was a very patriotic American. If he discovered fraud, he may have acte….
WATCH New Video by Phoenix (Fall Out Boy….
‘Too controversial’ for Fox News, Dallas’ Tomi Lahren is one of Facebook’s most loved and hated women | 2016....
‘Too controversial’ for Fox, Dallas’ Tomi Lahren may be Facebook’s most loved and hated woman.
Lithuania farmers' party wins election: Image copyright.
And It's Beautiful:.
I did good today.
🇺🇸I LOVE AMERICA.
SOUND VOTING ADVICE.
Funny watching this 2000 election special w/ so much focus on Missouri electing a dead man over Ashcroft..
Here's our very own Michi telli….
It has never been more clear that our election process is rigged...share this right now! #PodestaEmails16.
HAHAHA Dr & CampWereBlaming & Putin Of Poisoning.
I believe we can do much better:.
Professor with excellent prediction record says Donald Trump will defeat Clinton.
Trump Surrogate: 'After Clinton Says 'Good Morning'...Better Go and Look If the Sun is Shining'.
.Clinton Campaign Panicked Over New Polling Data That Confirms Trump Surge via.
New poll: Clinton leading Trump by double-digits.
Don't listen to MSM! -- Clinton Campaign Panicked Over New Polling Data That Confirms Trump Surge.
"I don't trust Hilary Clinton to keep my family safe".
Bahrain Donated 32M To The Clinton Foundation In Return, Hill Passed A Huge Arms Deal. She'll Do ANYTHING For MONEY #Never….
NY Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney: Hillary Clinton ‘Destroyed’ New York as Senator; Imagine What She’d Do to Country… htt….
Yes! Hillary Clinton helped migrant farm workers register to vote clear back in 1972. LONG positive relationship w/ Latino….
Clinton Camp pays Miley Cyrus to campaign and travel with them. "American girls need a good role model".
Retired general says Clinton was 'foolish' to discuss nuclear response time in debate.
Revealing thing here is how Team Clinton seems to think it can easily use DC media to promote campaign propaganda.
Workers in New Mexico faced Right to Work. asked for help. Clinton campaign said no. #PodestaEmails16.
CRIME! Just 5.7 Percent Of Clinton Foundation Budget Actually Went To Charitable Grants!.
Professor with Remarkable Track Record Predicts a Trump Election Win #debatenight  #KennethStar.
Trump lands first major newspaper endorsement   Hubba Hubba! Just over 2 wks until election & paper just endorsed??.
Another Trump tripping over his own trunk moment! Go Republicans! #1.
LAWSUIT AGAINST LIARS: Donald Trump Calls for Legal Action Against Project Veritas Action Targets.
#RT #Follow Porn star Jessica Drake claims Donald Trump offered $10G for sex - New York Daily News….
Nothing says "Christian moral values" more than photos of Trump at pornographer Bob Guccioni's house with strippers. ht….
Conway on Trump: ‘he delivers his own speeches’.
RELIGIOUS & NON-RELIGIOUS PLEASE UNITE. LAST 15 DAYS PRAY & FAST FOR TRUMP & AMERICA.….
Jean-Claude Van Damme says we need Donald Trump. Tells it like it is. Great interview..
I saw some internal polling numbers & they're incredible! MSM polling methodology is a farce!Except CA & MA, #TRUMP's le….
The Dangers of Hillary Clinton - I took the I side with test and sided with Hilary's 3 times as much as Donald.
The Dangers of Hillary Clinton are too many to list!.
The New Yorker endorses Hillary Clinton:.
I feel good about this election that Hillary Clinton will become the first woman Madame….
"Broadly speaking, Trump’s real supporters aren’t on Twitter – and Trump’s Twitter supporters aren’t real.".
Trump... MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!.
Barbi Twins "Trump was never anything but a gentleman" They have been around Trump many many times over 26 years..
Eric Trump clearly didn't know that 'Latina contra Trump' meant when he took this photo with a 'supporter':.
Citizens of Brussels Have An Important Message For Americans Heading To The Polls This Year #MAGA  #Debate #MelaniaTrump.
The whole world is #laughing at Donald #Trump in #SNL’s new #debate #sketch - The Washington.
"Donald J. Trump is the most prepared man in history to step in as president of the United States." - Bobby Knight.
“I will be happy with myself,” Trump said of the final days of his race for the White House.
The Las Vegas is the first major newspaper to endorse Donald Trump for.
plan to discourage Trump support: "Barrage with high frequency polls and declare the election over". So….
Trump Says Full Steam Ahead in Final Stretch of Campaign, Promises Punishing Schedule to the Finish.
Thanks to for being a guest on this week's episode of The Chauncey DeVega.
Well, there was a lot of precedent for the GOP to win, but I think it's the same dilemma 538 had a Trump. 1/2.
Well look at what we have here. the #ClintonFoundation really? Imagine if you had the scrutiny Trump has w….
Trump: "My admin. will immediately pursue the following 6 measures to clean up the corruption and special interest collusion i….
Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants, but won’t even mention “radical Islamic terrorists.” #Debate #BigL….
HILLARY made sure her rapist got off &.
#TRUMP is right again! #DNC schemes about getting men to bully women at #TRUMP rally! #debate #ProjectVeritasAction http….
It should concern every American that Russia is willing to engage in such hostile acts in order to help Donald Trump be….
Donald Trump Plans to Break up AT&T, Time Warner Deal: 'Too Much Concentration of Power' - Breitbart.
Donald Trump's plan to defeat ISIS is actually pretty good.
Donald Trump accuser promises to counter sue: ‘Truth is an absolute defense’.
ALERT – George Soros Just EXPOSED Trying to Sabotage Donald Trump, It’s CONFIRMED.
Trump supporters are already promising to intimidate nonwhite voters on Election Day via.
Top Trump advisers went to strip club with news staffers on eve of final debate: report.
Prominent First Amendment Attorneys Offer to Defend Trump Accusers for Free via.
I have 7 beautiful grandchildren and 4 kids. I do not want Donald Trump to be their president..
I'm married to Mom for Trump.
Nudes of me that'll lead to the arrest of Hilary Clinton and feature Donald Trump's real birth certificate.
Gay Republicans explain why they are proudly supporting Donald Trump:.
Gay Republicans Explain Why They Are Proudly Supporting Donald Trump -.
New WikiLeaks emails show influence of Univision chairman in Clinton campaign  h... by #go4marshall….
Special Report 10/20/16  new wikileaks hillary clinton via.
NAFTA was a Bush deal Bill Clinton inherited upon becoming President!!!! FACT!!!! #CheckIt.
"Her story is...walking through flames & emerging changed, warier & more determined." New Yorker Endorses Clinton.
VERY IRONIC: "In 2010 video, Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ‘sensitive information’".
“Donald Trump is running for president because he really, truly believes he can turn the country around." -.
‘The hombre special’: Mexican restaurants hilariously mock Donald Trump’s racism #badhombre.
The Wikileaks leak of Hilary Clinton is far more newsworthy & the US media ignore it.
This should be one of the most talked about topics!  Obama and Hillary killed our Americans in #Benghazi. #Debate.
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth, New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime- g….
You can argue the best thing in our democracy is the peaceful transfer of power. Thus, this article is terrifying.
The Clinton campaign is in damage control over new revelations in the latest batch of hacked emails from WikiLeaks..
A vote 103 years in the making: Ruline Steininger is one of the first in Iowa to vote in person for Hillary Clinton.
"The Wikileaks docs show the Clinton camp was COLLUDING directly with the Depts of State & Justice on the investigation of h….
Hindus pray to Gods to help Trump win election..
Donald Trump Declared an “Unprecedented Threat” To Free Press -.
Federal offense. "Trump supporters are already promising to intimidate nonwhite voters on Election Day" #SmartNews.
It's wild watching people try to defend Trump by invoking hip-hop. These are epic reaches..
WATCH – Trump Fans Release EPIC New Video to Make Trump President, It’s Going VIRAL!.
Remember like, a week ago, when Trump held a press event about how important it is to believe accusers when they come forward?….
Michelle Obama Very Upset With Trump’s Words But OK With Obama Flashing a Boner to Reporters? -.
Wins Presidential #Debate, And The Internet.
"Either we win the election, or we lose the country." - #TrumpPence16.
My latest for Election 2016 ignores all the real problems facing America.
In context - this is worth a read!  Take the time if you have been following the email investigation or if u haven't.
Some Trump diehards want blood if he doesn't win; won't except the lawful outcome of the election..
If this doesn't accurately sum up the United States during the 2016 Election process, I don't know what does..
Could this be true son Of Bill Clinton Claims He Received Money From Bill And Was Banished by Hilary .. via.
Women have, for decades, made allegations that Trump sexually assaulted or harassed them..
Another woman has stepped forward re: Trump with witnesses and documents. Im sure Trumpsters will say all lying..
#Trump decries China at nearly every rally..
More women accuse Trump of aggressive sexual behavior #StopRush #UniteBlue #p2 #ConnectTheLeft.
Ben Carson: Trump Sexual Assaults Don't Matter via.
VIDEO : A HERO WILL RISE – An Inspirational Trump Video That Will Have you Cheering and Crying! h….
If #Trump wins.
#We love you Mr.Trump!.
Cooper Catches Top Trump Aide In A Bind: Does Settling Lawsuits Imply Guilt? (VIDEO).
Clinton has addressed: equal pay, family leave, women's body image, abortion rights, sexual degradation.
Hillary Clinton ! Abe Lincoln FREED SLAVES and you called them SUPER PREDATORS so shut up !.
More projection from Trump! Yes #drugtest before the next #debate.
How ironic: #Sniffles #Trump is calling for a drug test for him and #Clinton before the next #debate Incredible!.
Homer Simpson busts Putin voting for Trump at the polls in new clip ⏩ by.
Canadian journalist backs up the Trump sexual assault allegations made by People Magazine writer Natasha Stoynoff:.
Trump: "Don't you dare give up on me bc I sure haven't given up on you" We are WITH you Mr. Trump ALL the way to the WH!.
The New York Time Donald tells the truth and you are a liar Donald and American women 100% will vote for Hilary Cli….
Michelle Obama's remarks about Donald Trump were among the most outspoken by a first lady in modern history.
This is what rape culture looks like - in the words of Donald Trump via thanks.
Trump really is in danger of losing Utah via.
I just want to say thank you to New York Presbyterian 1199 members who came out to support Hilary Clinton  we did....
Yes Trump, 68 year old Hilary Clinton (fresh off pneumonia) is pumping some roids to debate with you..
Is Hilary top aide a radical muslim.
New WikiLeaks Bombshell: Clinton Aides Discussed 'Emails to and from POTUS' h….
Clinton in 2013 Speech: 'I Would Like to See More Successful Business People Run For Office' - They Can't Be Bought ht….
Nebraska's first lady breaks with husband to back Clinton.
- Worth remembering said is "key to passing Clinton's agenda." cc:.
Not exactly a major advocate of Hilary Clinton, but this ad is pretty spot on for the most part..
Leaked Clinton campaign emails could be incredibly damaging as the election nears.
Hacked emails show that Clinton’s campaign manager tried hard to get the Illinois primary date changed -- but why?.
Meet👉Howard Gutman a Clinton donor who Hillary helped becomse the Ambassador 2 Belgium👉he solicited“sexual favors from prostitu….
FBI Agents Furious at Top Brass for Letting Clinton Off the Hook.
Here come the LESBIANS we all knew Bill was a PEDOPHILE and Hillary Clinton was a BI SEXUAL predator this will be GLORIOUS IN….
THE CLINTON MACHINE JUST HAS TOO MUCH DAMN MONEY!!!.
There is a 95 percent chance Hillary Clinton wins the Electoral College by 118 votes: poll.
I am frequently asked how Ron Swanson would weigh in on this election. I was able to contact a source close to Ron and h….
Thanks to Donald trump. Republicans stood by while he destroyed his fellow republicans during the primaries. GOP ow….
NEW: Trump wouldn't stop calling Lil Jon "Uncle Tom" during The Apprentice—even as producers begged him to stop:.
CROOKED: work in Colombia did more to promote a WEALTHY DONOR'S interests than help the country’s.
Newt Gingrich: "Trump's got to stay big. He's got to go right at as the most corrupt candidate in histo….
Why does the corporate media prop up Hillary and smear her opponents? Because they're huge donors to her foundation..
Last night, #Pence made it clear he doesn't trust us--women--to make our own choices. We choose not to vote for him or #Tru….
These people are absolutely nuts! Do they really think they can throw the election to the House? If Trump loses; Cl….
Dr Ben Carson said 'turn her microphone off' after a Q on if women accusing Donald Trump of sexual abuse were lying.
New Poll: Women say enough with media attacks on Donald Trump.
As a black Republican senator, Tim Scott faces a unique Donald Trump issue.
#HillaryBecause Her Foundation helped millions and saved lives. It's not a fake one benefitting only Donald Trump..
DONALD J. TRUMP CAMPAIGN ANNOUNCES $100 MILLION HAUL, A NEW FUNDRAISING RECORD.
WATCH LIVE: Donald Trump delivers speech on terror.
Diversity can be a strength, but it's not always easy. Echoes of Donald Trump in Cdn politics: My take on tolerance.
Hilary Clinton reminds me of the lady off The Visit who asks children to get in the oven to clean it.. lol no thanks.
Trump to Clinton: "'Honest Abe' never lied. ... That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you" #debate.
How about a #debate where #Clinton and #Trump had to discuss these 10 points? Now THAT would be fun to watch..
as women, it is up to us to make the right choice... clits for clinton!.
The reason Putin wants Trump to win Why Putin fears a Clinton.
#HillaryBecause "#Trump's the greatest threat to.
Morgan Freeman narrates new Clinton ad, "Show Up", pushing supporters to the ballot box:.
This is how much the election has warped my brain. When I first turned this on I thought it was a pre-show for a debate.….
Hilary Clinton Enabled Rapist who Raped 12yr old #JusticeForKathyShelton + Her Raping husband !!#JusticeForJuanita http….
I liked a video Inside Hilary Clinton's security bubble.
I LOVE THIS HILARY CLINTON COMMERCIAL.
You're voting for HILARY CLINTON, not Mother Theresa. I wouldn't be so thrilled..
Does really want "open.
FULL Presidential Debates | Elections 2016 #Election2016 #debate.
bruh y'all too quick lmfaooo #debate.
Fascinating....
#debate Never #HillaryBecause when more security requested, got EMPTY BOX of Chocolates, DIED #Millennials.
2 Clowns spotted in Washington. Be safe. #debate.
you really are a cheese head. They are rigged for democrats. #debate #AmericaFirst Read….
I'm sure would be fine w/that!.
Voters say Blair would do better in general election than Corbyn.
I really am proud of this.
🚂Make America Great Again🚋.
WATCH THIS AMAZING VIDEO.
24425 Magic Mountain Pkwy.
I love all living things.
& kill for fun.
Excellent livestream of how we've gotten to this point in history!  Culture war, how we're being distracted, etc...  #Hil….
This is so funny 😂 😂.
This is a really troubling piece.  Trump’s supporters talk rebellion, assassination at his rallies.
This is un-American, full stop..
Donald Trump's campaign is imploding. Most Republicans are still with him via.
This gay young Latino college graduate is voting trump. He is not a puppet! #GaysforTrump #MAGA #Trump2016 #LatinosWithTr….
problem is Trump was asked that at first debate, he said i'll respect election results and 24 hrs later changed his mind.….
This is how the next Trump Administration is going to do business - if u don't perform u don't get paid. It's fair. ht….
It is both powerful & painful how shockingly relevant these words from Malcolm X are right now. Donald Trump is using these….
This is my favorite so far! Good job Trump Campaign!.
I love this!!! I don't agree with everything Donald Trump has said or done but he is WAY better than Hilary Clinton!!.
Trump? Clinton? Many young Americans prefer #GiantMeteor2016 #debate #USA #PresidentialElection #2016 #WhiteHouse….
Trump can win US election? Clinton will destroy Democracy  #auspolies ….
Reporters from pose as consultants offering Chinese $ to Trump super PAC in sting..
Why a Professor With Remarkable Election Prediction Record Is Literally Putting Money on a Trump Victory.
More Clinton voters are saying they are voting FOR Hillary (as opposed to against Trump) than ever before. Trump stagna….
#SourcesHaveConfirmed that Barack Obama lied to everyone and it's time to elect Donald Trump before Hillary makes it worse….
Here’s how Trump’s new map compares to NBC’s..
Here is a FULL list of all stores who carry Trump products that we will boycott until they hear us:.
“Trump’s greatest service to America may be ending Paul Ryan’s career” by.
WATCH: DONALD TRUMP HOLDS RALLY IN TAMPA, FL LIVE STREAM  #Trump #Live He Has Arrived at Rally.
Live stream: Donald Trump in Tampa.
Good job Trump Americans.
Donald Trump campaigning today in St. Augustine Florida. Let's Make America Great Again! Watch & Retweet TY #Trump #Flor….
If Trump isn't investigated after election 4 insurance fraud our system is rigged in favor of the rich!.
"The larger the margin, the less relevant Trump and the Trump philosophy will be post-election,”.
Today I early voted in Henderson, NV for DONALD J. TRUMP! Here is why:.
"Donald J. Trump is the most prepared man in history to step in as president of the United States." - Bobby Knight.
The Trump campaign just launched a nightly news show on Facebook Live. via.
Donald Trump’s Twitter insults: The complete list, printed in today’s paper.
Why is the MSM calling the election 2 weeks out? They want Trump supporters to stay home. More on #BluntForceTruth..
"Donald Trump is the Real Deal, and will Make America Great Again.” - 🐊🐍🐀.
Trump’s love affair with the polls is over.
BREAKING: Eli Manning Just Endorsed Trump's Wall in the Best Way Ever! -.
It’s all been ignored because of Trump, but the GOP has a bunch of excellent senators with some excellent ideas..
Salma Hayek Hits Trump: He’s the Real Criminal—Accused of ‘Raping a Young Girl’ via.
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Holds Rally in Tampa, FL  #debate #obamacare #pasenate #optoutside #sourceshaveconfirmed.
LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Holds Rally in Tampa, FL  #debate #obamacare #pasenate #optoutside #….
Our forecast gives Trump a 15% chance, while others have him at just 1%-7%. Here's why we're more conservative..
Kellyanne Conway's and Donald Trump's relationship is becoming bizarre.
Amazing, I can't believe this is a real DM I actually got from Donald Trump:.
This professor has been right about last five presidents but media won't interview him because his choice is Trump! ht….
Donald Trump dismisses his latest accuser, an adult film actress: “I'm sure she's never been ...: Dona... #movie.
Trump Discounts ‘Phony’ Polls: ‘I Believe We’re Actually Winning’.
A Woman broke up his Love Affair. A Woman Schlonged Trump!.
Video: What REALLY thinks about Trump (before he got jealous and was paid off by.
Trump says he’s winning, polls say otherwise.
I liked a video from Trump Calls for Legal Action Against DNC.
Obama Flee if Trump Wins?.
Gay couple gets death threats for supporting Trump..
Trump loves conspiracy theories almost as much as his hat. But why choose?.
If #Trump cared about #SCOTUS, he would have worked 2 primary GOP RINO senators & not lie about 1 of COTUS Senators….
Trump Supporter: Making America Great Again Means Reversing LGBT Gains -.
Best Ad ever.. #Obama spilling the beans on #Hillary #Debate #ImWithHer #DWTS #TheVoice #NLCS #Cubs #O….
Great analysis of Hilary Clinton email controversy. Much more of an IT issue than what's described in the news..
The Clinton Foundation isnt a charity. They take "Donations" & invest it in "For Profit" opportunities. Says so right h….
How much does it cost for the FBI to drop an investigation? If you're a Clinton, $467,500, apparently..
The most punctilious, detailed indictment of Hillary Clinton & her unfitness to serve as #Potus that I've ever read. h….
#SourcesHaveConfirmed Hillary's OWN team admitted the Clinton Foundation Corruption SHOULD bring Down Her Candidacy!.
Makes sense. Clinton has been about as good for the black community as Jay Z. Which is to say they're both poison..
Hillary Clinton laughed at the rape of a child....
Make sure the greedy, American-hating Clinton's #PayToPlay crimes don't pay..
Hillary's been fighting for military families like ours for decades but her work in the Senate was really important..
First & ten!!! #snoop #rappers #drake #kobe #osu #yahoo #debate #model6 #lebron….
We added a new page Go Like it is blowing up Big right now & #RETWEET.
Ikr.  America is amazing🇺🇸 #freedom #debate #LOL (Vine by jk Jacob).
Let's have some real change #TexasVotes2016 #Election #LetGaryDebate #Change #NotRepublican #Debate.
#sexual #predator.
#SourcesHaveConfirmed we are at a Pivotal Moment in this election #TrumpPence16 #TrumpTrain #WakeUpAmerica #AmericaFir….
Full report: #TrumpThe….
Lady Gaga praying for 'peaceful Election Day'.
It's #NH1Debate night! Shea-Porter, Guinta, O'Connor - LIVE here --> + #debate….
Per NBC's data, more than 6.5M Americans have already voted in '16 election. Here's partisan breakdown by battleground….
Federal Election violations true, but no worries- Hillary only breaks our laws b/c she loves America #DonaldDuck.
Dems Just Use #BlackLivesMatter BUT DON'T REALLY CARE ABOUT.
LIVE: Wow! What An Election on #spreaker.
Love this piece on why members trust with our lives. #ITrustHillary #ImWithHer.
Let me guess, more.
If you hunt, love Freedom or are pro gun click & join a live election round table now!.
"I am a highly educated man.".
Because liberals are really tolerant people..
Make your own tin foil #MAGA hat:.
Anyone thinking of voting for Hilary Clinton please watch this video first.  #TexasVotes2016.
WikiLeaks: Hillary Clinton Felt Strongly About Avoiding Defense of Planned Parenthood After Video Scandal  Breitbart.
ALERT – New Bill Clinton Mistress Confirmed, Hillary Camp Panics….
Video: Hillary Clinton Approved Robert Creamer Plan Directly.
Amazing Article About Hillary Clinton That Can Only Be Written By A Privileged White Girl Unaffected By Racism, Big….
CHRONIC: #Hillary Clinton Violated Election Laws by CAMPAIGNING at an NC “Early Voting” Location.
The true danger to our democracy stems from Republican-led efforts to make it harder to vote. #RestoreTheVRA #debate ht….
Newt Gingrich Exposes Exactly What America Needs To Beat Hillary On Election Day via.
Listen up, California! Today is your LAST day to register to vote before Nov election. Make sure you register here:.
Today said he wants to cut "70 to 80 percent" of environmental protections..
President Obama to donors at a California fundraiser: "We want to win big".
An important message for the via Senator Corker: #Debate.
Welcome to the Bone Zone #KenBone #Debate (h/t Jon Glaser).
Citizens of Brussels Have An Important Message For Americans Heading To The Polls This Year #MAGA  #Debate #MelaniaTrump.
& are here watching the #debate! See them on our big LIVE show tonight! #Kimmel #DebateNigh….
Watching the #debate tonight with a pair of sunglasses right out of #TheyLive -.
I'm live tweeting the #debate from and then appearing on "After the Debate." Tune in!.
Laughing Out Loud and Shaking Our Heads.  The Circus that is The 2016 Presidential Election..
Over the past 10 years, more people have immigrated from the US to Mexico than vice versa.
The Great Green Election Machine  #cdnpoli.
The best part of this election has for sure been watching slowly devolve into a literal baby. (by.
Another fantastic, insightful look into the condition of America. Pay attention "elites"!.
➡️Listen to her LAUGH at getting off the rapist of a 12-yr-o.
NYTimes used 2-pgs for DTrump’s insults from the campaign via media cover important news soon!.
NEW VIDEO: Rigging the Election – Video III: Confirms Personally Involved.
Don't miss the latest Redacted Tonight! Watch here - #Clinton #Trump #Debate.
Donald Trump on Hillary Clinton: "She lies more than any human being." Uhhh.
My son heading to a costume party as Hilary Clinton's 33000 deleted emails.. haha!.
A rare Wednesday #CampFargo appearance as ASU students wait in line for over six hours to see Hilary Clinton..
CROOKED: Clinton camp plotted to circumvent clean election.
Charges are ready to be filed against Clinton..
I liked a video Hillary Clinton's election fraud finally exposed. California stolen from Bernie.
Google/Alphabet Chairman Eric Schmidt ready "fund, advise, recruit" for Clinton... by #ibsharkbait via.
Law Enforcement Sources Confirm: Ready to File Charges Against Clinton!.
Wikileaks Exposes Collusion Between Clinton Campaign, State Department, And New York Times | Zero Hedge.
Top House Republican says Hillary Clinton would likely be IMPEACHED if she was elected president. #ImWithTur.
63% of all fact-checked statements from Trump are totally false. Voters still say he is more honest than Clinton..
New Washington Post-ABC News Poll shows Trump leading Clinton.
Clinton trails Trump among likely voters on honesty and trustworthiness in new News/WaPo tracking poll..
In today's news: Clinton's new strategy, online advertising, and a scheduling conflict.
Hampton University's CPP Latest Poll Shows VA Voter Shift from Clinton to Trump Post Email Investigation.
VOTE BLUE #unitedblue  #debate Trump's Make America Great Again..Can't Even "Order" Water.
91% OF GAMBLERS PICK TRUMP TO WIN! BUT IF WE DON'T GET OUT AND VOTE WE'LL LOSE! Don't lose focus!.
This is why America cannot elect Donald Trump. A tragic murder of a young Saudi college student..
PLEASE, for the Love of God and Country, Lets be done with these Clintons! Vote Trump and #DrainTheSwamp USA has had enoug….
WATCH – Young Black Man Sees Trump Fans Marching, What Happens Next Is AMAZING.
They've confirmed has had its live stream of Trump rallies censored - no rule violation, pure censorship! #MAGA3….
Solid reasons for supporting #Trump: #debate.
Trump's rape case of 13yo set for December 16 includes forcible touching. But let's keep talking about Wiener texts..
Trump thanks his parents: "I know they’re up there watching. I just felt that nice breeze. It’s hot. But I just felt that nic….
The Dangers of Hillary Clinton are too many to list!.
Just in from #CNN Head Quarters Hilary Clinton is up in the Polls #Trump laugh so much I pee myself :).
Fmr. White House lawyer Richard Painter (a Republican) tells me why he's supporting Clinton despite the email probe:.
WIKILEAKS: DOJ rep chosen to head up review of the new Huma Abedin emails exposed colluding w/ Clinton campaign!.
Hillary Clinton Says She Was in New York City on 9/11 (She Wasn’t).
Assistant Attorney General Involved in New Clinton Email Investigation is Podesta Friend via.
Welcome to Donald Trump's America. Church vandalized with Vote Trump & set on fire. Of course, a black church..
Donald Trump in Miami, FL: "I love that sign, blacks for Trump!".
Veterans, Feeling Abandoned, Stand by Donald Trump - New York Times #TRUMP #Trump2016.
Donald Trump is the best choice for ALL Americans! Make America Great Again! "Go Out and Vote Trump, Let's Do THIS!" #….
Donald Trump Rally, Pensacola Florida – 7:00pm Live Stream….
'This economy will be a lot better' with Donald Trump in office.
Our new "Trump Force 2" is sporting fresh paint and ready to help us make the final push to Election Day! Next stop—Lovelan….
of course this trump supporting fraud won't tell you about Donald's ties to Epstein.
Obama: Donald Trump is not equipped to be president | He has more than Obama had a brain. The campaigner in Chief.
Students deserve better, Join educators in telling Trump to stop bullying:.
Hundreds of prominent #economists just #denounced Donald #Trump in an open letter to voters via.
Trump campaign instructs early Clinton voters how to change their vote to Trump.
Miss the first part of the vs. Gary Johnson​ #debate on Hear candidates talk about real issues:.
We reveal our final hashtag of the election. Finally, we the Deplorables, the people, will elect one of our own to lead t….
RealClearPolitics - 2016 Latest 2016 Presidential General Election Polls.
Hillary Clinton asked voters in Las Vegas to imagine life under a Donald Trump presidency. Here is her new riff:.
Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump tied in Colorado, new poll shows via.
Trump Hammers Home New Clinton Email Probe in Final Days via.
New information about the investigations into Hilary Clinton from the very reliable.
Louis C.K. Makes Case for Hillary Clinton: ‘It’s Not About the First Woman, It’s About the First Mom’.
A soft coup has been launched by FBI to overthrow the Clinton's hostile takeover of the Wh….
This is definitely worth the read about AG Loretta Lynch and the Clinton Foundation probes..
Can Peppers win the Heisman with 0 interceptions? #Debate #NoPicks4Peppers.
Get the #debate started with our NEW #Election2016  lesson plan: #education #edtech #edchat #elachat #tlchat #k12.
Now this is funny. Hacked Road sign flashes "CROOKED ­HILARY”; followed “IS A B-- - - ”; followed by “VOTE.
She just got my phone and worry about 🇺🇸 election 😂kids election  she loves Obama 👉🏼Hilary Clinton is good but no....
45% Say News Media "Primary Threat" to Election..
When it hits you that election day is next week and you don't know if America is gonna get its first female president or Hi….
Let's be clear. This election is about preserving democracy..
I think this is probably the first time someone has ever referred to me as "sane.".
Hillary is in Las Vegas, just 6 days from Election Day. Tune in to watch her live:.
When it hits you that election day is next week and you don't know if America is gonna get its first female president or….
Russian Hackers? 45% Call News Media 'Primary Threat That Might Try to Change Election Results'.
When it hits you that election day is next week and you don't know if America is gonna get its first female president or Hit….
Do you mean the guy who promised to spend $100 million and is paying his own companies with donors' money?.
A real #debate on the #issues by the two fit to be #POTUS.
Dale would like to remind you...he is available for write-in ballots on Election Day next week! 😂👊.
#oklaed Early voting starts tomorrow at your county election board office. Remind your friends and family to skip the lines….
there's gonna be a snl on saturday then a snl election special on monday which means we get to see kate twice in the span o….
We better show for the election fellow millennials! We need to prove people wrong. We are in this to win it for.
Hear on #religious right in #US and the schisms it's going through. #USelection via….
there arent any good disaster movies out these days so people have to play out their escapism with the election.
is in NC. I invite him to visit #TheHardyCompound & debate me on why I'm a better choice than the OBSOLET….
anymore he isn't looks like your Hilary is losing support fast.
HEY CLINTON WIPING SEVER CLEAN NOT W/ CLOTH ? W/ BLEACH BIT MEANS U COMMIT FEDERAL CRIME & PRISON ??.
Supporters of Dem #Senate candidate try to block Ayotte crowd from entering New Hampshire #debate hall -.
knows Lawmakers spend too much time fundraising #YESon59 #CA #YESon735 #WA #debate.
U.S Presidential Debates Proves Low Level Of Ame….
Tracee Ellis Ross: Why I'm Speaking Out About Supporting Hillary #FireComey #TrumpInPrison.
One week ago, fav e Hillary an 83% chance of winning..
GREATEST JOBS PR….
Here's a huge tell folks....when your own family is not supporting you......
Breaking:Twitter Friendly Version.
So good..
"If Clinton could do that much damage as secretary of State, how much might she do as.
Pretty nice - low cost daycare for Election Day. Get out & vote all you mamas & papas (& everyone else) #vote….
Full Story: #Unit….
lol no way..
"era of nation building will be brought to a very swift end" #AskTrump.
When your own daughter won't even kiss you. 😳 #debate.
#debate Fucking Priceless!!! 😂😂😂😂.
"I have great respect for women." who said all of these things. #Debate.
"Decline of public speaking makes us so much poorer" #debate #speech.
#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate.
Live #LaSen #Debate Vote #DukeForSenate.
This debate should be aired on cartoon Network. #joke.
#Ask Questions #Answer #Question #Debate create #Polls easy login with #Twitter.
#Ask Questions #Answer #Question #Debate create #Polls easy login with #Twitter #socialmedia.
#Ask Questions #Answer #Question #Debate create #Polls easy login with #Twitter #socialmedia #Forum.
Lock Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton in a steel cage, let them choose a weapon & whoever emerges victorious (alive) is th….
Donald Trump seen as more honest than Hilary Clinton.
Scott, I do not believe you are supporting Hilary Clinton.
Hilary Clinton's first victory: 1st woman's photo in Mishpacha magazine. History has been made. h….
💞💞💞💟💞💞🇺🇸🇺🇸🗿If Hilary Clinton wins does she a new Presidential limo?👑👑💞💞💎💎💞💟🇺🇸🇺🇸.
Also, here's Louis C.K. on Hilary Clinton - makes some valid and hilarious points in those first 2 mins #whyI.
Hilary Clinton live.
Leaked pic -A young Hilary Clinton & Anthony Weiner.
Jay Z Fan Goes Off On Nicki Minaj & ISIS; Declares Hilary Clinton Will Win this is it 😂😂😂.
102-year-old Arizona woman casts early vote for Hillary Clinton.
Watch #Clinton Cash First!.
See that orange bar of bigots over on the far right? Don't let them win this election..
Wonderful and personal article written by my husband about the poor treatment of sexual assault in this election..
Let's make sure she loses the election..
LOL!! "Back to the Future" PLEASE!...poor HILL...wonder where HER "Safe Place" will be after the election...it is g….
The voting booths for this years election are really.
The FBI is investigating 3 major things re Hillary.
Becker has same chance of winning this Friday as Bernie Sanders has winning the election... 0 because your season is ov….
forget the election, lets all remember what really matters in november..
Putting all of this into #God’s capable hands is really the only option #Election….
A few weeks ago Don Watson told me: without Hilary in the race Trump couldn't win. If you missed it.
Bank of America strategist says the US economy would grow significantly if Trump wins.
Democrats realizing that Trump is just one state away from winning the election..
The scene in Miami, Florida right now for your next President of the United States of America - Donald J. Trump! Get out &….
Why the new child rape case filed against Donald Trump should not be ignored # via.
Yet the Trump University court date isn’t until after the election because the judge Trump said couldn't be fair was t….
More than four times the number blame the media for a rigged election than the Russians..
Fun fact: if elected, Donald Trump would be the only leader of any nation on earth who denies climate change..
My NEW video “America's Pharisees for Trump” --  how America's conservative Christians™ giddily kicked Jesus to the curb f….
The Kremlin having kompromat on Trump would explain so very much:.
The chick at the end hates Donald Trump more than YG.
Stuttering Mess Obama Attacks Trump in NC: “The Republic Is a Risk” if Trump Wins (VIDEO) via.
The real October surprise was Obama forgetting to delay the Obamacare increase notices until after the election..
Fresh Off the Boat: Citizen Jessica - Trump Politics in the '90's (Recap/Review) - Mike's Film Talk.
Bernie spent today campaigning for Hillary in Wisconsin and Michigan, the two states Team Trump is now most intensely pur….
Special live Factor tonight. Can Trump really beat Clinton? We have the latest polls:.
What's that you say? You want *more* evidence that Trump lacks the character necessary to be president?.
What really happened to Hilary Clinton and US Navy Seal Commander Job W. Price? | Mission Galactic Freedom.
My son heading to a costume party as Hilary Clinton's 33000 deleted emails.. haha!.
Let  peace, compassion prevail to take this great country still ahead under HIlary Clinton.
You're right but we need to vote for Hilary Clinton to accomplish this..
KKK DONATES 20K TO THEIR FAVORITE CANDIDATE HILLARY CLINTON.
Clinton rolls out plan to fully integrate mental health into U.S. health care system | Excellent!.
Goes Mainstream as Emails are authenticated undercutting SO much of what Hillary Clinton has been saying to….
Guccifer – Hand Written Letter To Fox Says Hillary Clinton A “High Priest Satanic Goddess”  #SpiritCooking.
FBI isn’t indicting Hillary Clinton over the Clinton Foundation, but Fox News wants you to think it is.
Bill Clinton on Jeffery Epstein's plane. How old does this girl look to you? 15?.
Email Reveals Clinton Camp’s Plans To Move Primary Dates to Destroy Challengers.
Moody's Analytics, which has correctly predicted pres. race since 1980, forecasts a big win for Clinton:332 to 206.
JFK’s grandson: Young people have a duty to vote for Hillary Clinton.
Hillary Clinton's new campaign ad to Katie Perry's roar.
Shits about to get wild!!! Welcome to the Wild Wild States of America #Debate #Trump #HilaryClinton.
I'm happy to compare my 30 years of experience with your 30 years —Hillary to Trump #Debate: via.
One more solid reason to vote #Trump: #debate.
Trump sides with dictators against US, assaults women, refuses to honor the election. REAL AMERICANS HAVE HAD ENOUGH ht….
Meanwhile, GOP gerrymandering is poised to cost Dems the House. If Trump wants to talk about a rigged election....
Jon Stewart Shows How To Win A Twitter War W/Trump<I'm just gonna tweet this out to trolls #fuckfacevonclownstick  http….
Reality Check: Donald Trump's wild misrepresentation of President Obama's response to a protester.
Reality Check: Donald Trump's wild misrepresentation of President Obama's response to a... by #CNN via.
Vividly remember writing this story off the initial question to Trump nearly a year ago today.
Donald Trump just straight up lied about how President Obama responded to a pro-Trump protester.
"Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump 'wants to undo marriage equality'".
any Trump election vendor better get their money now, if not, they're most likely to end up with 40% of invoice….
Antonio Sabato Jr.: Trump is an honest man ready to fight.
Opposition to letting non-white people vote is Trump's most orthodox GOP position..
Trump Social Takeover! Make an impact NOW! Let Trump take over your FB/Twitter on Election Day to show we WILL #MAGA.
WATCH AND SHARE 'Trump won’t be permitted to win' - Assange interview with John Pilger (... via.
😂😂😂 Donald Trump just straight up lied about how President Obama responded to a pro-Trump protester.
Terrorists love Hillary..
Even Clinton's own lawyers concluded they are.
Clinton's charity confirms Qatar's $1 million gift while she was at State Dept (Reuters with more.
"because our children are listening" right Hillary?Jay Z drops the n-word, f-bomb during concert for Hillary Clinton ht….
"Because women have higher and harder barriers to clear, the women that win need to exceed expectations" Adrienne K….
In most FL counties, early voting ends tomorrow! Vote early to avoid long lines on election day..
Everyone should have access to crucial election news. We're offering free, unlimited L.A. Times access for one week:.
Was is smart 4 Hillary to tie her campaign to JayZ?  Joining 8pm et election edition! ht….
Can you vote early? Depending on your state, you may be able to join the First Lady and vote before Election Day..
Election Special: What To Do When You Don't Have A Clue: via.
We're giving YOU a free #RideToThePolls to make your voice heard this election! Redeem here:  #VLvo….
If you're in Philly, there are free rides via Uber and Lyft to the polls on Election Day:.
Its getting really close to election day 🤔😳👀.
On Election Day in Philadelphia, you can get a free or ride to the polls to vote:.
I'd love to post something like....
It Sure Looks Like FBI Renegades Are Trying To Swing The Presidential Election via.
Bill Maher thanks Donald Trump for exposing "hypocritical" evangelicals ⏩ by via.
Here’s everything Samantha Bee has called Donald Trump on Full Frontal:.
Donald Trump has huge support from women!.
More useful insight into the rise of #Trump: #debate.
Via the magic of #debate.
From The Telegraph: Trump Tsunami with 165 Fixed and 155 to be Received.
Trump supporters must get the vote out! This may be the most important election facing us for decades to come.….
The next president will be either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton. The choice is not hard.
Ann Coulter Gives Her Final Argument for Donald Trump and It May Be the Best One! | TellMeNow.
Trump: "My admin. will immediately pursue the following 6 measures to clean up the corruption and special interest collusion i….
Thank Trump for the one good thing he did. He exposed Evangelicals, who are his supporters as the shameless hippocrates they….
Yes, but if Trump wins we will get a lot of traitors and warmongers moving out of the USA..
BREAKING: Latest Polls Indicate The END Of Hillary’s Run…Trump RUNNING AWAY With Crucial BLUE States!.
My article for tomorrow's Mail on Sunday about why my friend Donald Trump is not the new Hitler & may be President..
Maybe The FBI's Love For Trump Has Something To Do With How Extremely White And Male It Is.
THERE ARE 3 VIDEOS THAT ARE MUST WATCH FOR PEOPLE ON THE FENCE. THIS 3 OF 3 TRUMP'S GERMAN BLOOD IS  SUPERIOR TO OURS! h….
The National Enquirer brainwashes its readers into supporting Donald Trump..
📰 Trump: We Don't Need Jay Z To Fill Up Arenas, We Do It The Old Fashioned Way #DrainTheSwamp….
This is amazing. Worth the long read!!.
The election is 3 days away. I hope you'll pray with me Nov. 7 at 9:00 PM ET LIVE on Facebook & Twitter..
And Hayes is on next, 8-9, #msnbc, this is election therapy night!  Join the fun, Joy's panel was brain mass….
VP Joe Biden says tonight is "Republicans' favorite night" because we "officially turn the clock back." ht….
Trump accuses Clinton (both in #Epstein's black book & friends of him) of sexual abuse..
Wikileaks Assange: Trump won't be permitted to win. Hilary Clinton knew ISIS SAUDI funded..
Interesting, model gives Trump a greater chance of winning FL than Clinton, 52.5% - 47.5%.
"No Secretary of State has been more wrong, more often and in more places than Hillary Clinton" ~ Donald Trump.
Trump and Pence to visit Virginia, a purple state long seen as safe for Clinton.
WATCH: Obama defends Trump protester at Clinton rally: We respect free speech.
Third event of election plan! Thanks megan, josie, for showing….
If you follow these rules on Election Day, will win..
LIVE NOW: Emergency Election Broadcast – Share This Link: via.
Voting tips for #LosAngeles? How to vote for #climate action: #VoteYesOnM #YesonA.
Interesting article about Hilary Clinton and US election. #Insiders.
New on #Steemit: Saudi aand Qatar Are the Financers of Hilary Clinton and ISIS.
emmaamouzon's photo: Thanks Ian and Huw, for using your platforms to support Hilary Clinton and for taking the time to….
bruh y'all too quick lmfaooo #debate.
Ready to vote? Consider how changes like tax reform could impact your finances. #debate.
If you really care about #Mosul, help us save lives on the front lines: #debate.
I am covering the final presidential #debate LIVE on my channel!.
The US election won’t be rigged – but the system still has to be fixed.
We constantly write about our assumptions and **provide evidence** for why we think they're the right ones..
I liked a video Who does Japan support in the US election? BBC News.
Wish more people shared this piece. Because these are the people’s whose lives literally are on the line Nov 8.
Nearly 40 Million Votes Have Already Been Cast in the 2016 Election Nationwide - NBC News #SmartNews.
I'm with her. I voted for her..Hilary Clinton..:-).
Polls predict Hilary Clinton wins!.
More death from Hilary Clinton.
QUOTE #9 Leads History—"Raw & Compelling...most memorably defiant statements".
Latest forecast.
A depressingly believable post-election scenario from a friend in America:.
More classified emails were discovered to have been deleted from private server.
A successful Dictator.
Surprise 4th riddle #debate precious! Wicked Hillbo didn't come, too busy sneaking & smoking pipe leaf, but Smeagol di….
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!.
Trump explains why the First Amendment has "too much protection" for free speech.
To recap: Ryan said he would stop defending Trump after video where he said he sexually assaulted women. 12 women then cam….
Another great article on Trump: #debate.
Elementary School Cancels Mock Election After Kids Chant 'Trump' via.
NATO allies, terrified of Trump, trying 2 get whatever info Russia has on him while investigating him on their own. htt….
🚨Everyone follow 👉  Twitter banned him for supporting Trump..
Trump Surge Freakout: More Violence Against Supporters via.
BUSTED: Rudy Giuliani’s law firms have received $563,000 from Trump-backing super PAC.
#Trump has promised 2 invest $100 B into inner cities & better education in 8 yrs.He cares about more than j….
I voted early #MAGA #trump #trumptrain #TrumpPence16.
TRUMP WILL WIN BIGLY....
Not a very high bar. Most 5 year olds are tougher and less whiny than Trump. Also, have fewer tantrums..
Hillary overthrew Lybia in order to use it as a feather in her cap for the general Election! 40K deaths, europe migrant Cris….
623 new emails in our Clinton email search system (30945 total) 128 in #PodestaEmails:.
wikileaks: 623 new emails in our Clinton email search system (30945 total) 128 i….
Hillary Clinton says she has been the most transparent public official in modern times.  Really?.
WikiLeaks: Clinton Campaign Chair Participated in Occult Magic.
This feeling will end soon, the election will soon be over! ;).
For those who missed the iconic Nevada scene last night, check out this post. Latinos are taking this election by the scru….
I'm loving the "Roar" ad and Beyoncé concert but, this election, this is the ad that's making all the difference (Mexic….
This will end up being one of the best artifacts from this nightmare of an election. Thank you.
WATCH: DONALD TRUMP RALLY IN RENO, NV LIVE STREAM.
Exclusive — Sen. Scott Brown: Trump Surging in New Hampshire.
if trump and clinton were in love.
Trump is appealing a court order against voter intimidation. Let that sink in..
With early vote in NV looking strong, if Clinton also holds MI, it forces Trump to run table in OH-PA-NC-FL..
New poll: closing in on Trump in Utah!.
BETFAIR-4/1 Hilary Clinton or 8/1 Donald Trump to win + £100 in FREE bets + MONEY back if you lose….
I love you ⚡️ “Donald Trump is going up in flames at the Lewes.
When #TheSituation tried to be funny on The Roast of Donald Trump.
Strong language— Tim Kaine to Some in the FBI 'actively working' in support of Trump..
The good people of #Lewes sticking it to #Trump and doing Bonfire Night in style..
This is true Intel about Hilary Clinton my husband had highest security clearance when working w the FBI,this comes….
Update: Clinton is back up to an 85% chance of winning the election #Election2016.
The New Clinton Chronicles 2015 via.
Msn NBC CNN ABC Local national media have cleverly put clinton in a place to win the election Media domination by Clinton….
Astounding claims from Erik Prince, founder of Blackwater on Clinton & NYPD.
More #Wikileaks: Here we learn that the head of the Clinton campaign participates in an occult magic ritual known as #….
Hillary's OWN team admitting the Clinton Foundation Corruption SHOULD bring down her candidacy..
WIKILEAKS: Here’s How The Clinton’s Free Private Jet Scam Works.
"Hillary Clinton IS the War on Women." (Bill #Clinton Sexual Assault Victim).
