Obama should send Nobel Peace Prize back - The final collapse of his US Syrian Policy starting new Cold War.
Curious Case of Dylan’s Nobel Prize.
The Dylan situation: imagining the 'secret minutes' of a Nobel committee meeting.
"#writers need a sense of humour, not only to entertain .. but to depict life as it is: .. a farce.".
The sole survivor of an attack that killed 24 in Aleppo. She was rescued by.
Decades after cutting his mic during a talent show, Hibbing High School is finally coming around to #BobDylan:….
Decades after cutting his mic during a talent show, Hibbing High School is finally coming around to #BobDylan:.
"Sadly," that's all too true. The emotional furor over mob mentality..
Nobel prize in econ takes too little account of social democracy | Prof Avner Offer #oxRTB.
What do all of 2016's winners have in common? #NobelPrize.
“Physics Nobel goes to another weird thing nobody understands” - Wow, That’s really dumb..
#nobelprize #missing #bobdylan #secretary #prize #help.
Is there a Nobel Prize for dangerously stupid?.
Nobel Prize committee gives up trying to contact Bob Dylan Contact me. I'll take it (or at least the cheque) for him.
To those of you who hate immigrants -- Did you know that all 2016 American Nobel laureates are.
The Nobel Prize in economics helps us understand how contracts can incent people to do the wrong thing (see: Enron)..
The Nobel Peace Prize Has Become A Cruel Joke: Narco-State Terrorist Wins Nobel Peace Prize by Stephen Lendma....
”I woke at about 4:40 ... wondering whether it was getting too late for it to be this year..." Oliver Hart today:.
Bob probably knows it doesn't mean a hill of beans unless the fat lady sings and the jingle jangle morning begins..
You know who's arrogant? The idiots..
here's empirical evidence (from a Nobel prize winner) that you are wrong -.
Hey, can't find Dylan? How hard can it be? Get a grip..
Nobel Prize committee gives up trying to contact Bob Dylan..no trouble finding Obama for his back when!!.
"Bob Dylan almost singlehandedly created a climate in which song lyrics were taken seriously".
Nobel prize has been worthless for a long time. But blatantly so when Obama got it for peace of all things..
Nobel prize has been worthless for a long time. But blatantly so when Obama got it for peace of a….
Peace has been hijacked by politics: Why the Nobel Peace Prize is wrong-headed and useless.
Nationalism is an infantile sickness. It is the measles of the human race..
Physicist Lise Meitner died 27 Oct. 1968. Never awarded a #NobelPrize but nominated 46 times:  (Pho….
The $900,000 question behind Bob Dylan's Nobel prize -.
You think THAT'S rude?.
What These Nobel Prize Winners Can Teach You About Small Business (Watch): Anyone who owns a small business h....
"cheapened its brand by equating pop music lyrics with serious.
Why does Natalie Kon-Yu hate Jews this much?.
“Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.”.
a hard rain has fallen on highway 61.
The Nobel Peace Prize Has Become A Cruel Joke: Narco-State Terrorist Wins Nobel Peace Prize by Stephen Lendma....
I was asked about Nobel Prize. I said I can think of no better comparative literature professor..
Late to this but #dylanmural was on the cover of the Minneapolis newspaper the day #bobdylan won a #NobelPrize.
In honor of the winners being announced this week...here's a little throwback to the in 2009….
Montini: Turn down the Nobel Prize, Dylan, and don’t think twice (it’s alright).
The first ever #diabetes reality TV show is coming, the game changer needed.
Dylan says "It's hard to believe," about #NobelPrize via.
I've got to get a bet down on his declining it!!#bobdylan #nobelprize.
"The US benefited in the past from open polices and it would be a mistake to reverse it" #NobelPrize #Immigrants.
#News: Nobel Winner Says CEO Pay Too Complex, Echoing Investor Gripe: A 2016 Nobel Prize winner said exec... #TU.
Bob Dylan -- an "idiot" in the ancient Greek sense of the term..
Actually she did do something: She discovered dark matter. Read before tweeting, y’all..
Bellow didn't. Bashevis spoke a few sentences in Yiddish, but the rest in English. Text & audio excerpts at.
Bellow didn't. Bashevis spoke a few sentences in Yiddish, but the rest in English. Text & audio excerpts at http….
The Nobel Prize for literature, at long last, has been awarded to a complete idiot.
In case Dylan doesn't pick up his prize, I wrote about 10 other Nobel-worthy lyricists for and ht….
The #Nobel Prize for literature, at long last, has been awarded to a complete idiot.
Getting a little perspective from #anthropology on Dylan's Nobel Prize..
Bob Dylan still hasn't responded to the Nobel Prize committee, but at least someone updated his site about the win:….
Sometimes your #NobelPrize is a #jellyfish! Check out this & other #50shorts from.
Dylan like fuck this award.
The Homer Simpson reference I get. But whose the other guy?.
“I’d like to kick a field goal in an NFL football game.” — Bob Dylan.
Bob Dylan finally said something about that Nobel Prize for Literature he won a few weeks ago... Well, sort of..
Bob Dylan Speaks, at Last, on His Nobel. / What a rude and ungracious person..
Dylan Finally Acknowledges Nobel Prize: 'It's Hard to Believe'.
Imagine if White Helmets had won the Nobel Peace Prize and then this guy had blown up Tegel Airport a few days later http….
Seriously, return the committee's calls:.
#NowPlaying Idiot Wind by Bob Dylan #nobelprize ♫.
Shocking. The #NobelPrize gender.
Prizes are so absurd they end up debasing themselves, like currencies..
DAFOH nominated for #Nobel Peace Prize 2016 works to end #forced organ harvesting in ….
A Suggestion for Past Recipients of Nobel Prize for Literature.
"Trump Is Dangerous to Economy" Oliver Hart - 2016 Nobel Economics Prize Winner.
Colombia’s Nobel Peace Prize: From Bad to Farce.
How could Al Qaeda's propaganda branch #WhiteHelmets NOT win the 2016 Does #Putin control the Nobel committee? Wh….
Peace has been hijacked by politics: Why the Nobel Peace Prize is wrong-headed and useless by.
Brexit 'not good news for British science' warn new Nobel laureates.
"April is the cruellest month, breeding/Lilacs out of the dead land, mixing."  T.S. Eliot won the Nobel Prize in Literat….
Nobel Prize Winner Elizabeth Blackburn Found The Secret To Longevity In Pond Scum via.
Asia: Aung San Suu Kyi pledges due process in violence-racked Rakhine,The Nobel Prize winner said the government....
S. Chandrasekhar. He got the Nobel Prize in Physics for his mathematical theory of black holes. The Chandrasekhar l….
You are LYING. saved our economy from depression. would destroy it again..
Truly puzzling statements in Guo et al - novel? Not sure....
What Does #BobDylan Mean Today? via #literature #poetry #nobel.
THIS MAN  DESERVED CAUSE? HELP DEMOCRATS TO GET FREEDOM AFTER BEING IN JAIL  INSTEAD OF.
Hard to Hounsfield struggled to start the #CTRad history.
Have you ever seen "the wall of time and space"? If you say "yes",you are insane. #cern #physics #nobel.
People who are Nobel prize smarty pants are asking us, the American voter, to not elect Trump.
It was on this day 1948 that "the Pretender" TS (tough s..t) Eliot, on my right, mistakenly received the Nobel Priz….
#MonsantObama Nobel Peace (Of Shit) Prize winner WAR CRIMINAL loses it while campaigning for #Hitlery....
BBC News - Nobel secretary regrets Obama peace prize.
Nobel secretary regrets Obama peace prize - BBC News.
Nobel laureate: Trump presidency 'disastrous' for the economy.
Nobel laureate: Trump presidency 'disastrous' for the economy...
Now tracking: Study challenges past #physics Nobel Prize results.
New video added: Nobel Laureate: Donald Trump Presidency 'Disastrous' For Economy | CNBC - #XaniaTube.
Nobel Laureate: Donald Trump Presidency 'Disastrous' For Economy | CNBC.
To me, the retake of Mosul is the highlight of the President's foreign policy achievements & he deserves a….
"Trump Is Dangerous to Economy" Oliver Hart - 2016 Nobel Economics Prize Winner.
Book review: Banking to the poor; micro-lending and the battle against world poverty-….
Presented with Nobel Peace Prize for single handedly wiping out Zika..
The little girl who turned him over to the cops deserves….
The little girl who turned him over to the cops deserves a Nobel….
So they should have the Nobel Peace Prize? Come on, KKK might as well be spelled HATE..
That gave the Nobel prize to fucking obama.  This is hardly negative.
Molecular machines are real. Be afraid, be very afraid, or very in awe. Your choice..
Study challenges past physics Nobel Prize results – The Johns Hopkins News-Letter.
(ノ〝∩｡∩)ﾉU.S economy would be 'Disastrous' under #Trump Presidency -- says #Harvard Nobel laureate :: :: #Politics.
"It has since earned him a Nobel There is NO Nobel Prize for economics. It's a fake. Banksters' award..
"It has since earned him a Nobel There is NO Nobel Prize for economics. It's a fake. B….
Prizes are so absurd they end up debasing themselves, like currencies..
Bob Dylan awarded Nobel Prize for literature: An unashamed and unapologetic Zionist wins the Nobel Prize Lite....
M-C: The $900,000 Question Behind Bob Dylan's Nobel Prize.
Have to admire Dylan's ambivalence. He's immortal. Are Sholokhov, Jelinek, Grass and other second-rate winners?.
#BobDylan still hasn't accepted for literature. Academy member calls him "rude and arrogant." Thoughts?.
Well this headline aged well..
Prizes are so absurd they end up debasing themselves, like currencies..
I have felt for a very long time that there should be a #NobelPrize for music. It pushes and crosses boundaries. It hea….
SAUSAGE FEST!!! What do all of the 2016 Nobel Prize winners have in common? via.
As the present now will later be past.
Shocking. The #NobelPrize gender.
“Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. ... Sometimes we must interfere.” —Elie Wiesel vi….
Bob Dylan Still Being Weird About His Nobel Prize.
Ig Nobel perception prize winner Atsuki Higashiyama: ‘Psychology teaches us to be scientific and skeptical’….
Ig Nobel perception prize winner Atsuki Higashiyama: ‘Psychology teaches us to be scientific and skeptical’.
Wrote on Colombia, FARC & the peace prize at Nobel Peace Has Another Questionable Year w/ Colombia.
Where Nobel winners get their start Small elite institutions foster creativity #NobelPrize.
Who says "America never wins anymore?" Amid debate, all 2016 American Nobel laureates are immigrants.
“The fact that he has declined this distinction does not in the least modify the validity of the award." What?!!.
Insulting for his silence,does this Academy member hope to.
Maybe Bob Dylan just dont want that worthless politically driven peice of crap. via the Android app.
What Does #BobDylan Mean Today? via #literature #poetry #nobelprize.
#ShimonPeres, entrepreneur and the 'Godfather of the Startup Nation,' was a past recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize:.
Prizes are so absurd they end up debasing themselves, like currencies..
4 Black people who influenced #BobDylan: Odetta Holmes,Little Richard, Big Bill Broonzy, Ma Rainey..
The president that won the is unable to protect his citizens. FARC terrorists seizing propert….
The president that won the is unable to protect his citizens. FARC terrorists seizing properties in….
Bob Dylan didn't acknowledge his Nobel Prize at the Desert Trip music festival Friday night–at least not explicitly.
This is sad, why are women not awarded Nobel prizes? #NobelPrize.
Why would Bob Dylan subject himself to all of the hoopla that would surround a Nobel Prize?.
"Get out of your comfort zone and try things that make you feel uncomfortable." #smallbusiness….
Thinking, Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahneman #NobelPrize, transform the way you think about thinking.….
Rock'n'roll crimes against poetry with the worst lyricists ever:.
They're getting desperate: "The Nobel Foundation said he could give a concert instead."....
Perhaps like many of us is still disgusted  by giving the Peace Prize. It'll….
How could Al Qaeda's propaganda branch #WhiteHelmets NOT win the 2016 Does #Putin control the Nobel committee? Wh….
370 economists, inc 8 Nobel Prize winners: "Don't vote for dangerous, destructive choice"….
Nobel Prize economists are wrong....
This is incredible. 370 (!) economists slam Trump as dangerous and destructive for the US economy.….
That little girl who turned him over to the cops deserve….
370 economists (including 8 Nobel Laureates): [Trump's] statements reveal a deep ignorance of economics..
You're wrong..
Nobel Prize-winning scientist Dr Ivar Giaever says Obama is "dead wrong" on "Global.
Obama's peace prize was simply a really bad decision.
Many Nobel laureates are saying I'll be dangerous and destructive for the economy.
You mean the Nobel peace prize president? This is what his naivity on foreign policy has gotten us all. Cc:.
Literally won the Nobel peace prize. How can anyone think bad of this man?.
Nobel laureate: Trump presidency 'disastrous' for the economy.
Nobel laureate: Trump presidency 'disastrous' for the economy #debatenight.
Got to hear a Nobel Peace Prize-winning Presidents' speech today.. a clue: it wasn't Obama! (bad lighting at venue!).
BBC News - Nobel secretary regrets Obama peace prize.
The political economy behind the Nobel prizes in Economics..
The inconvenient truth from the Nobel Peace Prize winner..
Salk President & Nobel Prize Winner Elizabeth Blackburn Found The Secret To Longevity In Pond Scum:.
Mr. and the grief of receiving the Nobel, WITHOUT HAVING PEACE. Big error Academy in Osl….
fuck Bob Dylan this tweet deserves a Nobel Prize for literature.
The man responsible for this won a Nobel Peace Prize. Qana Massacre 1996. Disgusting. #ShimonPeres.
Did you know that four Nobel Laureates have been forced to decline the prize, but Jean-Pau….
I guess I should look up who the idiots are that decided a community organizer has earned a Nobel Peace Prize....
Want to learn from a Nobel laureate in physics? Don't miss Brian Schmidt's lecture on Dark Energy Nov 9, 5:15pm in….
Want to learn from a Nobel laureate in physics? Don't miss Brian Schmidt's lecture on Dark Energy Nov 9, 5:15pm in Whittenbe….
BBC News - Nobel secretary regrets Obama peace prize.
"Little wonder that 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners, have signed a letter denouncing him for....
At UNILAG, #scholars question validity of #NobelPrizeforLiterature #NigerianLiterature (This is serious now!) #Books.
Mr. Nobel "peace", terrorizing Colombians with War. INFAMOUS, ABOMINABLE!!….
Nobel secretary regrets Obama peace prize - BBC News.
The lyrics to this...worth a Nobel at least! #mountaingoats#bestlyrics#NobelPrize.
Nobel Peace Prize-Winning Obama Has Been At War LONGER THAN ANY OTHER American President via.
Chemistry Nobel prize; Machines too small to see (podcast).
Have you ever seen "the wall of time and space"? If you say "yes",you are insane. #cern #physics #nobel.
Gravitational waves, dark matter eyed for Nobel Physics Prize.
