Turns out #BobDylan didn't return the Nobel Prize committee's calls because he doesn't own a cell phone:.
#BobDylan says winning Nobel Prize left him ‘speechless’.
I added a video to a playlist Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos wins 2016 Nobel Peace Prize.
#biology: Yoshinori Ohsumi wins Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2016 for his work on….
Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmstrom win the Nobel prize for economic sciences.
Nobel Prize winner is bringing his iconic music to the on 11/15 for a can't-miss performance! Tix:….
China’s Incomplete Contracts: This year’s Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences went to Harvard’... via #oped.
The #NobelPrize is perhaps Alfred Nobel's most famous invention, awarded to 911 Nobel Laureates since 1901..
Nobel Prize winner is bringing his iconic music to the on 11/15 for a can't-miss performance! Tix: http….
Why science says pudgy dads are more attractive < if this doesn't win a Nobel Prize, there's no justice..
Murakami is my favorite author, and the photo with this article cracks me up (you would know it if you read his....
Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmstrom win the Nobel prize for economic sciences:.
for Nobel Peace Prize for refusing burkini ban and a lot more.
One of the several Japanese deserving the Nobel Prize before Murakami is Tanikawa (who also sings, btw) :.
China’s Incomplete Contracts: This year’s Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences went to Harvard’s Olive... by.
the perfect write up of our Nobel Peace Prize   winners horrendous econ policies..
The Wonderful World: Juan Manuel Santos, the president of Colombia,Awarded 2016 Nobel Peace Prize:.
Guys, guys... I just #solved #physics. You're welcome..
Poll: Is Bob Dylan worthy of Nobel Prize in Literature? -.
Immortal Jukebox October Roundup 3 Bob Dylan . Nobel Prize, One Too Many Mornings, The Albert Hall via.
Bob Dylan isn't the first Nobel winner to feel less than enthusiastic about the prize.
Bob Dylan Finally Reacts To His Nobel Prize Win: For his part, Dylan sounds genuinely bemused by the whole ru....
Bob Dylan Finally Reacts To His Nobel Prize Win.
the latest in the #arts from Bob Dylan Finally Reacts To His Nobel Prize Win.
Dylan’s Non-Response to the Nobel Prize Was An Eloquent And Poetic Silence via.
Bob Dylan's Nobel Prize win 'hard to believe'.
The Nobel Prize Committee finally found Bob Dylan, which is very good news.
Bob Dylan breaks two-week silence over Nobel prize Congratulations! Helps USA think better of i….
Bob Dylan finally speaks about his Nobel Prize: "Amazing, incredible. Whoever dreams about something like that?".
Talking at  about the Nov. 30 Stardust: The William A. Fowler Science Series. Get more info here: http….
Download our free, in-depth overview of the #NobelPrize winning #telomere science behind #TeloYears.
For the serious #BobDylan fan, the deluxe edition of the #NobelPrize winner's lyrics here: Limited….
Turns out is pretty stoked about receiving More next in #RockBriefs -.
The three new 2016 #NobelPrize winners now on the wall in Aston Webb building.
The Times They Are a-Changin'! A hero, genius, creative force of nature & true original. The greatest. Congrats.
Bob Dylan finally acknowledges Nobel Prize plus bonus cute interview with David Crosby.
Bob Dylan finally speaks about his Nobel Prize: "Amazing, incredible. Whoever dreams about something like that?".
Bob Dylan breaks two-week silence over Nobel prize Congratulations! Helps USA think better of i….
Bob Dylan is the best.
Tim Kaine Believes Bob Dylan 'Absolutely' Deserved The Nobel Prize.
Turns out Bob Dylan had a really good reason for not accepting his Nobel prize accolade.
A great explanation why Bob Dylan refuses to acknowledge his Nobel Prize..
#russonreading Bob Dylan Wins the Nobel Prize and Walt Whitman Smiles.
A true honor meeting #YoungWomenLeader #HumanRightsDefender.
A powerful opinion piece on why it's so important to #divest from fossil fuels.
Britons win #NobelPrize for work on 'exotic' matter, explained with bagel:.
2011 #NobelPeacePrize Laureate and Africa’s first democratically elected female president turns 78 today!.
"I feel very lucky and grateful." —MIT Prof. Bengt Holmstrom of and on winning the Nobel in Economic Sciences #….
Bob Dylan breaks silence, saying he “absolutely” plans on attending gala “if it’s at all possible”.
This was beautiful,.
Bob Dylan (finally) commented on his #NobelPrize win, and he said the whole thing is pretty 'amazing':.
Bien  Oliver Hart, Nobel laureate Oliver Hart has been jointly awarded the 2016 Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences wi.
That explains the silence for sure ;) #NobelPrize.
Whatever you think of #Dylan, Cornhill Colloquium on Music & Language ever more relevant #NobelPrize.
Will video games ever win a Nobel Prize? Games like & Blue Cat suggest yes.
"Like it or not, you are in this alone and have to follow your own star.”.
My thoughts on Dylan's poetic silence.
My love she speaks like silence.
"You have to write 100 bad songs before you write 1 good one...you're in this alone & have to follow your own star.”.
Bob #Dylan, the Musician: America’s Great One-Man Songbook #writer.
So the committee can't find Dylan. We still love em though! #dylan #technology.
Enjoy.
Columnist Becca Dague argues that Bob Dylan pens powerful lyrics, but not literature.….
Bob Dylan wins Nobel prize in literature.
Bob Dylan became the first musician to ever win the Nobel Peace Prize!.
Bob Dylan wins Nobel Prize in Literature -.
Bob Dylan's Nobel Prize Win Doesn't Change the Definition of Literature, Groups Say - Associations Now.
Bob Dylan Musician #Poet & Welder Metalworker Artist & wins the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature #….
The Hibbing high school teacher who mentored Bob Dylan, Nobel literature prize winner - MPRNews.
Check this out if you would be so kind. Covers Bowie, Reed, Mitchell and Morrissey x.
When we told #NobelPrize winning neuropsychiatrist Eric Kandel that he is our favorite, his reaction was just adorable! Here'….
Retweeted Big Think we told #NobelPrize winning neuropsychiatrist Eric Kandel that he is our....
FUKUS -The F part,France, meeting with al-CIA-duh's first responders, nominated (I know) #WhitHelmets.
An old friend though not one of his.
Spent time w/ the remarkable #WhiteHelmets. They rush in when everyone else is running out. Up for 2016 htt….
Even if #BobDylan won't answer the phone, his high school is pretty damn proud of his #NobelPrize: htt….
Honored to welcome to Jerusalem today together with my wife, Liberian #NobelPrize winner A true inspirat….
Scroll down to Angela Carter's pitch-perfect review. #JustLikeAWoman to get it right..
Santos Colombian wanted to hide the asphyxiation private economic initiative VOTE Trump/Pence….
Why has it been half a century since a woman won the Nobel Prize in Physics? Learn more here: h….
Expert Wins Nobel Medicine Prize Over \'Self-Eating\' Cells.
Ilham Tohti, Uighur imprisoned for life by China, wins major human rights prize | World news | The Guardian.
Quiz: How Much Do You Know About Nobel Peace Prize Winners? - The New York Times.
You can sing along to all this. Finely chosen lines from 6 decades of Nobel laureate/song and dance man Bob.
gives silent treatment after winning Nobel Prize:.
Baby Bob who grew up to win the #NobelPrize in Literature. 🏅#FrigginChamp 👏🏻.
Huge congrats to on winning the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature! Well deserved recognition of a brilliant poetic lyrici….
Congrats to the great who was awarded the 2016 in Literature..
“How does it f-e-e-e-l” to win a Nobel Prize?.
Oliver Hart and #Bengt #Holmstrom win #Nobel Memorial Prize in economic sciences.
nothing better than bob dylan ghosting the nobel prize committee.
#Vegas Bob Dylan's Nobel win carries forth his singular legacy: How could anyone listen to “Tangled Up in Blu....
Bob Dylan's Nobel win carries forth his singular legacy: How could anyone listen to “Tangled Up in Blue” and ....
Bob Dylan's Nobel win carries forth his singular legacy.
Nobel people~can easily find Bob Dylan's location by using 😉  (discl: treeh co).
Songwriter wins Nobel Prize, all songwriters win more respect. Well done, Bob..
Bob Dylan's Nobel-Prize worthy tips for writers:.
Bob Dylan's Nobel win carries forth his singular legacy: How could anyone listen to “Tangled Up in Blue” and…….
Bob Dylan's Nobel win carries forth his singular legacy: How could anyone listen to “Tangled Up in Blue” and still….
Singer. Songwriter. Nobel laureate. Congratulations to Bob Dylan for his #NobelPrize win:.
Ya gotta love this guy. "Nobel Prize? Pfft... whatever" #BobDylan #NobelPrize #Dylan.
MIT economist Bengt Holmstrom wins Nobel Prize.
The Nobel prize for economic sciences is awarded for work improving our understanding of how and why contracts work.
Harvard and MIT professors win Nobel prize in economics.
Their work has laid "an intellectual foundation" in areas like bankruptcy legislation to political constitutions.
What Nobel Prize-winning economist says about CEO bonuses b/c CEOs now make 276X more than the typical worker does..
Paul Ryan ditches his defense of Donald Trump, Samsung faces new questions on recall and more top stories 🔓.
Oliver Hart is the fifth faculty member since year 2000 that is awarded the Prize in Economic Sciences:.
Nobel Prize winning research in Economics proves that tying teacher pay to student test results doesn't work.
Best introduction to economic Nobel Prize is usually year is no exception. HT.
Why is the Prize in Economic Sciences awarded to research on contract theory?.
BREAKING 2016 Prize in Economic Sci. to Oliver Hart & Bengt Holmström “for their contributions to contract th….
Paul Ryan ditches defense of Donald Trump, Samsung faces new questions on recall, and more top stories 🔓.
Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmstrom win the Nobel Prize.
For showing how contracts work best, 2 economists win Nobel.
A Nobel prize for economic theory you can understand #economics.
"I feel very lucky and grateful." —MIT Prof. Bengt Holmstrom of and on winning the Nobel in Economic Sciences #….
Immigrants made America great, makes America great, and will continue to make America.
News: NIH Grantee Wins 2016 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
Personal Finance Daily: A Nobel Prize-Winning economist on CEO bonuses and the real face of student debt.
2016 Prize in Economic Sciences full interview #NobelPrize.
Oliver Hart, Bengt Holmstrom win Nobel Economics prize -.
Great segment on NPR's Here and Now by.
I was once told by MIT scientist: "#Japan has no science, only engineers." In your face!  Yoshinori Wins Nobel Prize ht….
Good summary of the contract theory work for which Hart and Holmström were awarded this year's Econ Nobel prize:.
New #NobelPrize winner in economics researches the downside of privatizing schools, prisons.
Fun fact: Milhouse once predicted MIT Prof. Holmström would win a #NobelPrize. Today, he was right!.
The latest The Science & Tech News Daily! Thanks to #nobelprize #litvinenko.
What do you do after winning the #NobelPrize? If you're #PrincetonU Prof. F. Duncan Haldane, you teach class..
BREAKING 2016 #NobelPrize in Literature to Bob Dylan “for having created new poetic expressions within the great American s….
A great mentor, Sir Christopher Ricks, on #RadioBoston, speaking about in the wake of the Nobel:.
Baby Bob who grew up to win the #NobelPrize in Literature. 🏅#FrigginChamp 👏🏻.
In his passing, most of his wealth went toward funding awards that would later be known as the Noble Prizes! #NobelPrize #….
In a world where prizes and #winning mean more than they should..
Congratulations on your for Literature. Best wishes, Van.     (Image Rex Features).
Today 21 October the founder of the #NobelPrize, Alfred Nobel (1833-1896), would have turned 183 years old!.
The Byrds - Chimes Of Freedom Live.
So excited to have my first article published on Hopefully many more to come.
Bob Dylan Finally Acknowledges His Nobel Prize Win, but Just Barely.
Bob Dylan's website scrubs mention of winning Nobel Prize in Literature:.
Bob Dylan's website scrubs mention of winning Nobel Prize in Literature: via.
Bob Dylan is not the first songwriter to win the Nobel prize for literature.
Bob Dylan's website scrubs mention of winning Nobel Prize in Literature.
At last, Bob Dylan acknowledges winning the Nobel Prize:.
I added a video to a playlist Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel prize in literature – live updates and.
Nobel Prize for Literature winner Bob Dylan is too cool to respond the committee.
#newz Observer Our Most Literary Rock Star, Bob Dylan Deserved the Nobel Prize Observer On one hand, the…….
Bob Dylan wins Nobel prize in literature | Music | The Guardian / Good 😊 choice - great 👍 poetic mind !!!😎.
I love him. "Bob Dylan yanks Nobel Prize mention from website".
Our Most Literary Rock Star, Bob Dylan Deserved the Nobel Prize | | Observer.
In honor of his #NobelPrize and the weekend, listening to my favorite Bob Dylan.
UPDATE: Bob Dylan has removed the sole mention of his Nobel Prize win from his website..
Nobel prize in literature won by Bob Dylan: First American since Toni Morrison in 1993.
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize, Redefining Boundaries of Literature - The New York Times.
Bob Dylan Wins The Nobel Prize in Literature.
2016 Nobel prize winner scientifically proves that fasting is good for.
Who Lies The Most? 2016’s Ig Nobel Prize In Psychology.
Nobel Prize-winning poet Pablo Neruda is eclipsed in his own movie, because Gael Garcia Bernal #NYF….
Congrats to for winning the 2016 Nobel prize for literature..
How Much Is A Nobel Prize Medal Worth?.
covers Colombian President Santos, former Fletcher Fulbright scholar, winning the Nobel Peace Prize:.
What would a Nobel Peace prize for Iranian leaders mean? Nothing good, writes #NobelPrize #Iran.
The Nobel Prize nomination process is incredibly exclusive, and 'who' nominated can't be revealed for 50 years:.
New blog today going in depth about how cells might use the science tied to the Nobel Prize for physics of 2016..
Thank you #NobelPrize Committee for awarding prize to my Amazing Art of the Deal. A true honor to win usually Rigge….
BREAKING 2016 #NobelPrize in Literature to Bob Dylan “for having created new poetic expressions within the great American s….
Baby Bob who grew up to win the #NobelPrize in Literature. 🏅#FrigginChamp 👏🏻.
They SO got it right: wins the for Literature! And times they are a-changing...😉.
Photo collection "Bob Dylan Hanging With Joan Baez, Allen Ginsberg and More": #NobelP….
His Bobness awarded #NobelPrize for literature. A very exciting choice..
#UCSB No. 10 #universities for producing Nobel prize winners 2016 | Times Higher Education (THE)….
Bob Dylan's greatest accomplishment is that he doesn't seem to know or care that he won the Nobel Prize.
Fair to assume Pynchon's response would have been similar.
Classic. I'd like 2 meet Bob. But what would you say 2 genius. Noble organizers give up trying to reach Bob Dylan.
Classic #BobDylan.
What does Bob Dylan think about winning the Nobel Prize? The Swedish Academy doesn’t know. It hasn’t spoken to him..
What does Bob Dylan think about winning the Nobel Prize? The Swedish Academy doesn’t know. It hasn’t spoken to him. ht….
nytimesbusiness: What does Bob Dylan think about winning the Nobel Prize? The Swedish Academy doesn’t know. It has….
This is awesome: Bob Dylan isn't returning Nobel Prize committee's.
The poet of our times! Via Bob Dylan, Titan Of American Music, Wins 2016 Nobel Prize In Literature.
Dylan's so cool man..
This Mark Critch Parody Of Bob Dylan Accepting The Nobel Prize Is Amazing -.
He had a good 50-year run....
President Obama's Nobel Peace Prize hasn't been looking so good lately..
UC Irvine professor is favored to win a Nobel Prize tomorrow #NobelPrize.
She’s not a #WomeninSTEM hero. I like people who weren’t just nominated. I like people who win. #MSGA.
LRT: all of the brouhaha over #BobDylan's #NobelPrize brought this letter, & this quote in particular, to mind..
A true honor meeting #YoungWomenLeader #HumanRightsDefender.
"It is a source of great shame to us that our committees never saw fit to recognize this brilliant physicist" #fixeditfory….
Congratulations to the Proud to have opened Las Vegas with you&got my first newspo….
The US has been supremely successful at attracting #NobelPrize winning scientists from abroad, particularly the UK: ht….
An incredible honor to meet Dr. James Watson, winner for his 1953 discovery of #DNA #doublehelix #life #sci….
"If you haven’t heard, Bob Dylan was awarded the 2016 Nobel Prize for Literature. While I do love a lot of Dylan.
Genius of Bob Dylan in case you still need convincing- Hurricane Live on TV 1975 #rubincarter #bobdylan #NobelPrize.
LIVE NOW on Facebook: ‘The Case for #GMOs’ with Laureate and Northeastern prof. Sir Richard John Robert….
Does #EnergyfromMagnets #ScienceSolution sound like.
Joan Baez on #Election2016, #BobDylan's Nobel Prize, #BobDylan's manners and more via….
Good move, Dylan :.
Outstanding piece from Adam Kirsch on Dylan's refusal so far to acknowledge the Nobel prize--and be defined by it..
Amidst the critiques of #BobDylan's #NobelPrize win, a supportive voice.
to win & get unofficial remixes, & more in our latest news roundup -->….
Haw many poetic expressions are there in songs traditions of all world?Twitter Comments on to htt….
to win & get unofficial remixes, & more in our latest news roundup -->.
Amidst the critiques of #BobDylan's #NobelPrize win, a supportive voice #BobDylan….
For more information, go to.
#MLK won the #NobelPrize #OTD in 1964. Learn more about non-violent actions.
#RabindranathTagore is largely a literary figure, than a musician, but I might agree. #NobelPrize.
Wealthy Aussies should adopt more philanthropic approach to #medicalresearch like  American cousins do.
Bob Dylan’s Nobel-Prize Worthy Advice to Writers  #amwriting #writingtips by.
A powerful New Yorker article on Ursula K. Le Guin, who has not yet received the Nobel Prize for Literature:.
"Mr. Dylan’s work, speaks to the marginalized: to underdogs, outsiders, misfits." Read more from The.
Congratulations to Bob Dylan for winning the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature! Get his music for free on Freegal.
Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel Prize in literature; it's the first time the prestigious award was bestowed on a musician. ht….
After more than half a century writing and performing music, Bob Dylan wins the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature.
Nobel Prize in Physics awarded to Britons for study of exotic matter.
Am 100% down with Bob Dylan winning the Nobel Prize, but if Ursula le Guin doesn't win at some stage, I'll be so sad.
Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel Prize in literature.
Bob Dylan’s place in literature was clear long before the literary establishment deigned to recognize him..
Winning a Nobel can backfire: the roller coaster ride of #RNAi by in.
How Much Is A Nobel Prize Medal Worth?.
Dylan won the  in literature. What are your favorite #Dylan lyrics? #HRV.
Carmel Bird wins the 2016 Patrick White Literary Award (set up with his Nobel prize winnings). 2 reviews of hers at.
Bob Dylan becomes 1st songwriter to win #NobelPrize for Literature #edchat Please retweet to help us promote literature in s….
Nobel Prize: What will it take to have more women as winners in science?.
Bob Dylan named the winner  2016 Nobel Prize in literature in a stunning announcement.
Baby Bob who grew up to win the #NobelPrize in Literature. 🏅#FrigginChamp 👏🏻.
Inevitably there's squabbling about Bob Dylan's Nobel prize. Here's me for the Guardian on why it's fully justified: htt….
via How Much Is A Nobel Prize Medal Worth?.
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize, Redefining Boundaries of Literature.
Nobel Prize in Economics 2016: Understanding contract theory: Dr Hart and Dr Holmstrom developed a comprehens....
"It is not Trump who is the Great Deporter from the United States, but the Nobel Peace Prize winner, Barack Obama.".
#BREAKING Bob Dylan wins 2016 #NobelPrize in literature “for having created new poetic expressions within the great American….
Preparations of Nobel Media Exhibition in full swing! #vggs17 #NobelPrize.
enBusiness_news: Nobel Prize in Economics 2016: Understanding contract theory: Dr Hart and Dr Holmstrom developed ….
BREAKING 2016 #NobelPrize in Literature to Bob Dylan “for having created new poetic expressions within the great American s….
Via Bob Dylan, Titan Of American Music, Wins 2016 Nobel Prize In Literature.
2016 - the year of bold choices of Nobel winners continues - this time Chemistry Prize ;-) #NobelPrize.
Songwriter wins Nobel Prize, all songwriters win more respect. Well done, Bob..
"It is not the Nobel we long for most, but peace itself" #WhiteHelmets.
Bob Dylan's Nobel Prize win signals how much times really have changed |.
Why Bob Dylan deserves to win the Nobel prize in literature.
Bob Dylan, the songwriter scientists love to quote, just won a Nobel Prize.
Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel Prize in literature; it's the first time the prestigious award was bestowed on a musician. http….
Then - the interesting thing will be if it just will be a 'Thank you' in Stockholm, or something more memorable -….
"It's hard to believe"; Bob Dylan breaks silence over #NobelPrize win.
"I appreciate the honour so much." - Bob Dylan says he will accept the Nobel Prize for literature via.
#usa #entertaiment Dylan says he wants to attend Nobel Prize ceremony if he can.
#entertainment #usa Dylan says he wants to attend Nobel Prize ceremony if he can.
Bob Dylan finally acknowledges Nobel Prize: “Amazing, incredible. Whoever dreams about something like that?”.
Bob Dylan 'speechless' over shock Nobel Prize in Literature win.
#TrendsOfGhana Bob Dylan 'speechless' over shock Nobel Prize in Literature win.
Newswire: Bob Dylan will do his best to swing by and pick up his Nobel prize - William Hughes.
#NobelFacts Marie & Pierre Curie is 1 of 5 married couples awarded a #NobelPrize.
#BobDylan plans to accept 'amazing' #NobelPrize in Stockholm: report h/t cc.
And the Nobel Prize for Medicine goes to: Frederick Banting, one of the inventors of insulin & the 1st 🇨🇦 to win a.
Bob Dylan, the Musician: America’s Great One-Man Songbook.
Bob Dylan Acknowledges Nobel Prize, Says He’ll ‘Absolutely’ Attend the Ceremony If He Can.
Bob Dylan is the best.
Bob Dylan Acknowledges Nobel Prize, Says He’ll ‘Absolutely’ Attend the Ceremony If He Can ….
Bob Dylan and the Nobel Prize. Beautifully unpacked.  "The Meaning of Bob Dylan’s Silence".
ur so brave. you know what to do x.
Fun fact: Milhouse once predicted MIT Prof. Holmström would win a #NobelPrize. Today, he was right!.
The 10 most recent Nobel winners in economics #NobelPrize.
awards the 2016 Prize in Economic Sciences to Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström for their contributions to con….
What do you do after winning the #NobelPrize? If you're #PrincetonU Prof. F. Duncan Haldane, you teach class..
FT #NobelPrize #economics good descr, could be clearer 'who has the right to decide' mostly 'who has propty rights': http….
Research by #NobelPrize winner could hold the key to the development of new brain tumour treatment #braintumour.
The people of #Colombia are not blind.
#TWIChem: Nobel Prize award, 'nanokebabs', radioactive avocados and more! Links to articles & studies:.
2016 Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel - National Science Foundation (press….
BREAKING 2016 Prize in Economic Sci. to Oliver Hart & Bengt Holmström “for their contributions to contract th….
Oliver Hart is the fifth faculty member since year 2000 that is awarded the Prize in Economic Sciences:.
'The Simpsons' predicted this year's Nobel Prize winner for Economic Sciences.
mashable : 'The Simpsons' predicted this year's Nobel Prize winner for Economic Sciences ….
mashable: 'The Simpsons' predicted this year's Nobel Prize winner for Economic Sciences.
Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmstrom win the Nobel prize for economic sciences.
So far, six Americans have won a Nobel Prize this year. All of them are immigrants:.
'The Simpsons' predicted this year's Nobel Prize winner for Economic Sciences via mashable.
#TECH 'The Simpsons' predicted this year's Nobel Prize winner for Economic Sciences.
A great article on something that can confound even those well versed in mathematics. Well worth reading ... imho a….
Ilham Tohti, Uighur imprisoned for life by China, wins major human rights prize | The Guardian.
mashable "'The Simpsons' predicted this year's Nobel Prize winner for Economic Sciences.
Which countries have had the most #Nobelprize winners?.
Now! 'The Simpsons' predicted this year's Nobel Prize winner for Economic Sciences ….
Congratulations to Hart & Holmström for their 2016 Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences!.
For showing how contracts work best, 2 economists win Nobel Prize..
So Far, All of America’s 2016 Nobel Laureates are #Immigrants by.
A powerful New Yorker article on Ursula K. Le Guin, who has not yet received the Nobel Prize for Literature:.
What the Nobel Peace Prize Prizes, via gold medal going to one aspiring to lose most lbs..
Tobacco plants engineered to manufacture high yields of malaria drug: In 2015, the Nobel Prize in Ph... #biotech.
Top 10 universities for producing #NobelPrize Laureates.
#ItsTime for to honor one of the greatest leaders of our time #HelenClark of #NZ #develo.
You can sing along to all this. Finely chosen lines from 6 decades of Nobel laureate/song and dance man Bob.
My nominations for weird yet profound research in economics - who should win the IgNobel prize?.
#TBT: A pic of winner Victor Hess, who fled Nazi persecution in 1938 and found a new home at #Fordham:.
Samuel Beckett's letters reveal how he considered winning the #NobelPrize to be a threat to his creativity:.
The real story of America's #NobelPrize success is via businessinsider.
Soundbites from blustering self-important blokes. So important we get these rarely heard voices..
Happy Birthday, Christiane Nüsslein-Volhard (born #OnThisDay 20 October, 1942)! Awarded the #NobelPrize in Physiology or Me….
Baby Bob who grew up to win the #NobelPrize in Literature. 🏅#FrigginChamp 👏🏻.
From being called a headmaster's son to a soft FB militant,only thing remaining is #NobelPrize to #BurhanWani which Kejriw….
Bob Dylan website acknowledges Nobel literature prize win after five-day wait.
These universities produced the most Nobel Prize-winning work since 2000:.
Bob Dylan website acknowledges Nobel prize win after five-day wait.
Nobel prize in literature won by Bob Dylan: First American since Toni Morrison in 1993.
At last, Bob Dylan acknowledges winning the Nobel Prize vía.
WTTW interviews Music's Steven Rings about Bob Dylan's Nobel win..
Bob Dylan finally acknowledges his Nobel Prize win (but just barely):.
Well, at Least Bob #Dylan Official Website Has Acknowledged His Nobel Prize Win via.
Bob Dylan website acknowledges Nobel literature prize win after five-day wait | Music | The Guardian.
Bob Dylan wins the Nobel Prize in Literature: After more than half a century writing and performing music, Bo....
#Singer #Artist Blood on the Tracks (1974, Columbia, stereo) #BobDylan, 2016 Nobel Prize Winner #Auction #Cheap.
How 2016 Nobel Economic Prize Winners Influenced Smart Contracts.
Bob Dylan finally acknowledges his Nobel Prize win (but just barely): via.
Three scientists win Nobel Prize in chemistry for molecular machines -.
America's Nobel Prize success lies in exceptional higher education — via.
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize in Literature.
Bob Dylan Finally Acknowledges His Nobel Prize Win, but Just Barely.
Bob Dylan Kind of Acknowledges Nobel Prize.
Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel Prize in.
Bob Dylan Finally Acknowledges Nobel Prize Win  #music.
#BobDylan website acknowledges #Nobel #literature prize win after five-day wait.
Bob Dylan Sort Of Recognizes Nobel Prize #lol #fun #f4f #l4l #hot #swag #my #smile….
Bob Dylan Wins the Nobel Prize #books.
Elizabeth Peyton, painter: ‘Like David Bowie, he defies any kind of label ’Women on Bob Dylan.
"Dylan as Poet," Bill Crane on #BobDylan's #NobelPrize win.   #DylanNobel.
We're celebrating Bob Dylan's #NobelPrize with this Free Book Friday #giveaway!.
BREAKING 2016 #NobelPrize in Literature to Bob Dylan “for having created new poetic expressions within the great American s….
Watch Harold Pinter's brilliant 2005 Nobel Prize speech - a stark warning about US empire ….
Dylan’s Non-Response to the Nobel Prize Was An Eloquent And Poetic Silence via.
More musings on game design winning a Nobel prize.
Giving #BobDylan a Nobel Prize has cemented his legendary legacy as a game changer:.
"I feel like the Wright-brothers who are flying for the first time and people asked why do we need a flying machine".
Dylan’s Non-Response to the Nobel Prize Was An Eloquent And Poetic Silence  via.
Congratulations to legend #BobDylan for being awarded the #NobelPrize for literature. First time to a musician!.
New this #Mondayblogs: Why is a worthy winner of the #nobelprizeliterature [with….
New this #Mondayblogs: Why is a worthy winner of the #nobelprizeliterature [with lin….
The #NobelPrize is perhaps Alfred Nobel's most famous invention, awarded to 911 Nobel Laureates since 1901..
2011 #NobelPeacePrize Laureate and Africa’s first democratically elected female president turns 78 today!.
"It is a source of great shame to us that our committees never saw fit to recognize this brilliant physicist" #fixeditfory….
Attracting skilled immigrants is a good thing on many levels for the United States..
#BobDylan breaks silence and accepts #NobelPrize win. Promises to attend award ceremony. A #Jewish spirit Blowing in the Wind….
New Peace is 👌"The one on the right".
Dylan finally breaks his silence on the Nobel will he perform instead of speaking at the ceremony? :-).
How laureate Lin Ostrom Solved One of Life’s Greatest Dilemmas by for.
Bob Dylan finally acknowledges Nobel Prize after long silence | TorStar | a short, good read..
Bob Dylan finally speaks about his Nobel Prize: "Amazing, incredible. Whoever dreams about something like that?".
Bob Dylan breaks two-week silence over winning the Nobel Prize in Literature 🔓.
Wow. Happy day. Bob Dylan was just awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature!.
New post: "Bob Dylan Says He'll Be At Nobel Prize Ceremony, If Possible -.
Bob Dylan Releases 4 New Albums During Acceptance Speech For Nobel Prize.
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize:10 Facts About Bob Dylan  #BobDylan.
we all should aspire to have bob dylan’s level of chill and be able to completely ignore winning the nobel prize —.
Listen to ‘Rolling Stone Music Now’ Podcast: Bob Dylan’s Nobel Prize: The latest episode of….
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize in Literature - Bloomberg.
Talks of Giving Eminem nod at Noble Prize for Literature is now getting serious..
2016 Nobel prize winner scientifically proves that fasting is good for health -.
hahahaha. Way to go Bob. Nobel panel gives up knockin’ on Dylan’s door.
Legendary singer-songwriter Bob Dylan wins Nobel Peace Prize in literature. Bet you didn’t see that one coming..
Bob Dylan has won the 2016 Nobel Prize in literature. More Reuters:.
How refreshing, so many artists today are like moths to the flame, Dylan can't be arsed to answer their calls..:).
"Bob Dylan To Nobel Prize Committee: Keep Your Sh-tty Award!" -Funny, barbed bit, this one |The Hollywood Gossip|.
"Good things happen to those who take risks. Get out of your comfort zone & try things that make you uncomfortable." http….
Nobel Prize judges haven't heard from Bob Dylan, though he's scheduled to perform near Dallas this weekend.
LMAO! He won a #Nobel & couldn't care less. Badass! ===> #NobelPrize committee gives up trying to contact #BobDylan.
Bob Dylan remains silent on Nobel Prize win | Fox News.
Bob Dylan, you have a large monetary reward awaiting you and it is not from a Nigerian prince.....
Bob Dylan remains silent on Nobel Prize win via the app.
Always appreciated Dylan's music, but this is a level of cool few reach....
Literature And Music Have Become Interwoven, And Bob Dylan - The Tangled Up In Blue Master - Wins The Nobel Prize....
Taking the prize. First Dylan, now Clinton, by association. 70 #Nobel Laureates Endorse Hillary #Clinton.
Obama's amusing description of his interaction with Bob.
Wow. Happy day. Bob Dylan was just awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature!.
Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel Prize in literature; it's the first time the prestigious award was bestowed on a musician. ht….
[hums in the key of that's what you get when you let your heart win].
Newswire: #BobDylan doesn’t seem to care all that much about winning a #NobelPrize.
Congrats to Bob Dylan for his #NobelPrize! We're proud to work with him to champion human rights through music..
Congratulations Bob! You made all our lives better. Thank you for the warning about what was to come (Subterranean Home….
pls #FREE #Badawi http:/….
have U+#NobelPeacePrize Laurates done so far to #FREE #Badawi: NOTHING! http://t.co/LIpo0iEErs http:/….
Photo collection "Bob Dylan Hanging With Joan Baez, Allen Ginsberg and More": #NobelP….
El #Floridita it became world-famous thanks to the #NobelPrize winning writer Ernest Hemingway and equally well known #da….
In light of his #NobelPrize,  2 profs discuss their class, "#BobDylan: Music and Words” in.
Julian Assange must be nominated I can't imagine anyone more worthy.
Dylan’s Non-Response to the Nobel Prize Was An Eloquent And Poetic Silence - The Daily Beast #SmartNews.
OPEN LETTER ENDORSING HILLARY CLINTON FROM RECIPIENTS OF THE NOBEL PRIZE IN ECONOMIC SCIENCES.
Robert Shiller explains why he joined 18 other Nobel Prize winning economists in endorsing Hillary Clinton.
Bob Dylan won a Nobel Prize. Why can't the committees that pick the science Nobelists be so adventurous?.
Love it! - Is Bob Dylan's Nobel Prize Snub a Secret Message to Music Fans?.
Tomorrow 2016 Nobel Peace Prize winner visits No ticket? Check out the live webcast:.
19 Nobel laureates in ecnomics share OPEN LETTER TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE supporting.
OPEN LETTER FROM RECIPIENTS OF THE SVERIGES RIKSBANK PRIZE IN ECONOMIC SCIENCES IN MEMORY OF ALFRED NOBEL.
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize, Redefining Boundaries of Literature.
TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE FROM RECIPIENTS OF THE SVERIGES RIKSBANK PRIZE IN ECONOMIC SCIENCES IN MEMORY OF ALFRED NOBEL.
Very deserving winners of the Nobel this year! Did my Hons thesis in this field, great to see it getting.
How Dylan Stole the Nobel Prize and You Can Too #Love #RT #markethive.
Almost 400 prominent economists. including 2016 Nobel Prize winner,  denounced TRUMP in open letter to voters:.
"The letter, first reported by The Wall Street Journal, was signed by 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize....
look. The Ohsumi's discovery of lysosomes got him the Noble Prize..
The #NobelPrize is perhaps Alfred Nobel's most famous invention, awarded to 911 Nobel Laureates since 1901..
win redefines the boundaries of literature:.
Suspect this be more controversial than Bob's #NobelPrize ⚡️ “Bono to finally be awarded Woman of the.
Download our free, in-depth overview of the #NobelPrize winning #telomere science behind #TeloYears.
#Strange #matter #wins Physics #Nobel Prize 2016.
Royal Society Fellows win Nobel Prize in Physics 2016.
Congratulations to 2016 #NobelPrize winners in chemistry! Read the articles from #Springer for free until Dec 12.
Check out my latest article for on the Nobel Prize for Chemistry.
AND ANOTHER: 19 Nobel laureate economists call HRC by far the superior candidate for our economy and our country. http….
Dylan Rendered ‘Speechless’ By Nobel Literature Win.
Elton plays ‘Subterranean Homesick Blues’ in celebration of Bob Dylan’s recent Nobel Literature Prize win. #RocketHour o….
So Bono is on a Woman of the Year list; Bob Dylan wins Nobel Prize for Literature... and this pic, just in from the….
First a singer wins a Nobel Prize in Literature, now The worlds greatest woman is a man. We r a confused people. Si….
I hear he's already the favorite to win the Nobel Prize in Literature next year based on this chapter..
Considered one of the greatest threats to the Global economy by Nobel Laureate economists. #NeverTrump.
Nobel Peace Prize Committee: Give Young Thug the Nobel Prize for Literature - Sign the Petition!.
Dylan and Tagore: the top 2 most popular Nobel Literature laureats right now #NobelPrize.
I attempt to justify my right to a Nobel prize for Literature in 600 words-.
Walter Tunis reviews Bob Dylan's first Kentucky concert since winning the Nobel Prize in Literature, last month.....
Nobel goes to Jean-Pierre Sauvage, J. Fraser Stoddart, & Bernard L. Feringa, who developed machines using molecular….
#NobelPrize winning research in your fridge! Clustered Water from NHT Global #hexagonalwater.
We're delighted to welcome #NobelPrize winner & alumnus Sir Fraser Stoddart to campus for his guest lecture.
And more.
In honor of the #ChemNobel laureates, we've decked out ACS HQ with a little special something....
#FET_eu success: former partners win #Nobel & #InnovationRadar prizes &….
#FET_eu success: former partners win #Nobel & #InnovationRadar prizes &.
Congratulations to 2016 #NobelPrize winners in physics! Read Laureates articles from #Springer for free until Dec 12 http….
Nobel prize winner in physics Wilczek Frank's signature!I'm so happy to have the chance to attend the lecture..
T.S. Eliot won the Nobel Prize in literature #OTD in 1948! Original 1912 pub of Prufrock in is #OA:….
T.S. Eliot won the Nobel Prize in literature #OTD in 1948! Original 1912 pub of Prufrock in is #OA:.
In 1979, Abdus Salam became the first Pakistani and first Muslim to receive a Nobel Prize in Science (Physics)..
Bob Dylan winning the Nobel prize for literature, "Song is literature."  Now that is a slam dunk..
Al Qaeda, Nobel peace prize nominees the #WhiteHelmets are best known for "pulling children out of the ru….
#OnThisDay author TS Eliot won the Nobel Prize for literature. Stop by the library to read his classic works & lear….
In all honesty, Id love to go to Tulane in New Orleans & work for Dr. Walter Kohn's lab. He won the Nobel Prize in….
Bob Dylan's Epic Reaction to his Nobel Prize in Literature.
On this day in 1948, TS Eliot won the Nobel Prize for Literature, for "remarkable achievements as a pioneer within modern….
Today in 1948 T.S. Eliot won the Nobel Prize in literature for his profound effect on modern poetry..
Brilliant perspective on the Nobel Prize & literature or service in good faith "The Meaning of Bob Dylan’s Silence.
Wow ! So this is what the police of a Nobel Peace Prize President looks like..
the true on Syria & Peace Nobel Prize.Imagine what can happen with Hillarous "The Goddess of Occult".
Congratulations to on winning the Nobel Prize in literature..
Onthisday in 1948, T.S. Eliot wins the Nobel Prize, for his profound effect on the direction of modern poetry..
Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel Prize in literature; it's the first time the prestigious award was bestowed on a musician. http….
The internet wasn't too happy that Bob Dylan won the Nobel prize:.
Chandrasekhara Venkata Raman won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1930 for his pioneering work on scattering of light.
Unusual matter wins physics Nobel.
People who really know about the economy say trump would be a disaster!.
People more knowledgeable on economy than donny know that DT would be.
Nov.4, 1948 - T.S. Eliot wins Nobe….
Nobel for discovery, investigation of neutrino mass, flavor oscillations; nice artilce at  http://t.co/D….
Just found this very funny essay. Funnier now because of the subhead..
Not climate chg, econ. You got a Nobel for ur econ genius right? Or, was it literature?.
Long before,i posted Rock songs are best Literature and Music..Now  its underlined by Bob Dylans  Nobel....
You never set out to discover something new. You stumble on it and you have luck to recognize it is something new.
Excited to be on this list & to read this work <3 Thank u Celebrating Pop Poetics: 25 Poets + Music Icons.
My first piece for shows what happens when poets turn to popular music for.
Nice, !! Celebrating Pop Poetics: 25 Poets Who Draw Inspiration From Music Icons.
Read more:.
Tonight: drinks inspired by our latest Nobel Laureate in literature: #BobDylan. Kitchen and bar….
Music icon poetic lyrics continue to make history after inspiring fans and fellow artists for decades:….
How many times must the cannonballs fly before they are forever banned? Bob Dylan |.
Neutrinos change their flavour, #NobelPrize laureate Art McDonald on their detection. Watch the full video here:.
What my 4 year old son observed on a battlefield:….
I liked a video from Eric Thomas on Being Successful, Malcolm X & Nobel Peace Prize.
Ahi ahi ahi! Mr this represent the freedom of speech and democracy reigns in your absolutely Corporation cou….
Carrot Top To Give Nobel Awards At Drive Thru Window  #award #nobelprize #drivethru #carrottop #kiosk.
James Blunt "You're Beautiful" & "Bonfire Heart" - Nobel Peace Prize Con... via.
#BREAKING Bob Dylan wins 2016 #NobelPrize for Literature.
It means "I won't be at" in #Kyoto. It's a very Kyoto-ish #expression..
It is a good thing that people work for Amnesty International . If anyone deserves a Nobel Peace Price.......
This nobel prize winning national anthem ended obesity with lines like 'let's RUN away'.
Ready to listen to nobel prize winner Bob Dylan. Happy anniversary baby! #33years #DPAC #bucketlist #whatdidhesay?.
AND ANOTHER: 19 Nobel laureate economists call HRC by far the superior candidate for our economy and our country. http….
Check out this awesome shirt on.
A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel via.
Wole Soyinka a Nobel laureate in literature wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel via.
A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel #Language.
Beautiful picture of Dorothy Crowfoot Hodgkin's Nobel prize for Chemistry. Awarded in 1964.
"Bob Dylan 100 percent is not going to win. Stop saying Bob Dylan should win the Nobel Prize." (via.
A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a.. Related Articles:.
Today's #history: Obama elected as America’s first black president; T.S. Eliot wins Nobel Prize in literature ^aj.
"Bob Dylan 100 percent is not going to win. Stop saying Bob Dylan should win the Nobel Prize." (via….
On #ThisDayInHistory in 1948, T.S. Eliot wins Nobel Prize in literature. Read More via.
#TodayInHistory: 1948, American-born British poet T. S. Eliot wins Nobel Prize for literature.
Literary footnote: Won this day 1948 Nobel Prize in literature by T S Eliot What would he think of #BobDylan ?.
A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel.
Very nice talk from the 2011 Nobel Laureate in Physics Adam Riess at ESAC. The importance of GAIA in Cosmology 😁.
Hope for this world & many minorities in #Iran through Ayatollah Masoumi-Tehrani. A Nobel Peace Prize winner?….
Well deserved! RT: Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize, Redefining Boundaries of Literature via #writing #music.
Wow! So honored that my chapbook of poems was featured in this list of "pop poetics" for.
Muhammad Yunus, Nobel Peace laureate: 'Redesign Economics, Redesign the World', Live 7 Nov 9.45am CET #CFAEIC.
it would be an amazing & appropriate final act of Obama's presidency if he gave his Nobel Peace Prize back.
Congrats to #MalalaYousafzai, the youngest-ever winner of the #NobelPeacePrize. So inspiring http://t.co/wmJCvsllnh htt….
Hope for this world & many minorities in #Iran through Ayatollah Masoumi-Tehrani. A Nobel Peace Prize winner?.
Did Ernest Hemingway win a Nobel Prize for Literature? Yes. Did he also love cats? Yes! 💛 🐱⠀.
T.S. Eliot wins a Nobel Literature Prize "Let us go then, you and I".
-The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock  -....
TS Eliot wins the #NobelPrize.
A #Nobel Laureate in #Literature Who Wants a #Grammy If #BobDylan Can Get a Nobel.
Nobel Prize categories are a century behind the curve, excluding many vital disciplines..
A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a.
Why did Bob Dylan receive a Nobel Prize in literature when his persona is clearly plagiarized? #amwriting.
Amartya Sen, today 83! Awarded the 1998 Prize in Economic Sciences "for his contributions to welfare economics".
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize in Literature, Everyone is Surprised.
Bob Dylan removes mention of Nobel prize from website Good old #BobDylan mercurial unpredictable as always. #Nobel.
Anike Bowaire, a young physicist genius from Serui #WestPapua won the First Step to Nobel Prize in Physics in 2005..
Why did Bob Dylan receive a Nobel Prize in literature when his persona is clearly plagiarized?.
Fasting helps remove "cellular rubbish". Nobel Prize winner's discoveries explain why fasting is good for....
bit of nobel prize winning bob tonight.
#WoleSoyinka, a Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel.
The TOP 10 most popular Literature Laureates right now (most visits at the web site #NobelPrize ht….
nobelprize has a Disability Discrimination. True winner of Nobel Prize in Physics is me. #reuters #discrimination.
Read blog by Director Thomas Skordas on former #FET_eu researcher winning 2016 Nobel Prize in Chemistry….
The economy isn't everything, but it's important. And a whole bunch of really smart economists are in agreement..
Nobel Prize for Literature winner Bob Dylan is too cool to respond the committee.
Did Bob Dylan really deserve the Nobel Prize for Literature? Read on and decide yourself.
The glorious (Nobel Peace Prize-nominated) White Helmets... Lol..
truly inspiring. give this woman a Nobel Peace Prize.
A JINGLE-JANGLE MORNING. . .Bob Dylan is awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature. For photo location and more see:.
Nobel prize has a Disability Discrimination. True winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics is me. #reuters #nobel.
trump supporters apparently know more about the economy than 370 economists do.
Find out more abt former Birmingham academics Nobel prize for Physics 2016. Re-tweet if you understand it!.
Welcome to by Physics Division Director Natalie Roe to ....11 Nobel Prizes...impressive.
2016 Nobel in Physics Shows Again: The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Mathematics in the Natural Sciences.
#TrumpRapeTrial plus EIGHT Nobel Prize winning Economists "vote" against to lead #USA and its econ….
In 1979, Abdus Salam became the first Pakistani and first Muslim to receive a Nobel Prize in Science (Physics)..
Wole Soyinka the Literature Peace Nobel Laureate promised to tear up his Green card should Donald Trump win.
Nobel Committee Asks Obama “Nicely” To Return Peace Prize.
Congrats to #MalalaYousafzai, the youngest-ever winner of the #NobelPeacePrize. So inspiring http://t.co/wmJCvsllnh htt….
Thanks to the 52%, I suggest a Nobel for the Economy #brexit #sterling BBC News - Apple raises computer prices in UK.
Harvard and MIT professors win Nobel prize in economics.
wins the Nobel Peace Prize....
#TheoEpstein should run for president in 2020. Or at least win the Nobel Peace Prize. cc:.
how humanitarian, completely worthy of a peace nobel prize winner.
Best Con ever The Obama Con,when he conned entire world out of Nobel Peace Prize & as POTUS not 1 day of peace #MAGA.
Prominent #Economists, Including 8 #Nobel Laureates: Do Not Vote for #Election2016 #economy.
A fascinating (and unknown) tale on Richard #Feynman and computing. winner versus startup loonies..
Amartya Sen, today 83! Awarded the 1998 Prize in Economic Sciences "for his contributions to welfare economics".
Nobel Peace Price, huh?? 8 years of DEATH! Syria war: 'More than 180 civilians killed' in two days.
Nobel: "Trade... good for economy." ROFL! What free trade? 40% currency debasement, state subsidies, no min..
He thought twice before #NobelPrize - Don't Think Twice It's All Right - Bob Dylan.
Honored to welcome to Jerusalem today together with my wife, Liberian #NobelPrize winner A true inspirat….
#NobelPrize winning research in your fridge! Clustered Water from NHT Global #hexagonalwater.
Alternative Arrest Nobel Prize for #Erdogan the precious Golum of #POTUS and #ISIS..
Nobel Prize Winner Bob Dylan Opens New Art Exhibit in London.
I liked a video A.I. Learns Nobel Prize Experiment in Just 1 Hour!.
This beautiful film from 1964 the same year that #JeanPaulSartre won the #beautyeh.
Monochrome microscopy no more after Nobel Prize winning lab can now image in multi colour.
Retweeted Joy Reid a letter, 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners, say "don't....
Alicia Keys on what Prince taught her, why Bob Dylan deserves the Nobel Prize and more.
A rehashed topic from the '80s - co's play key role in advanced learning & Nobel prize winners via.
Dr. Eric Oeming wins for physics for 127 synthesis:.
More amazing news today: Former University of Birmingham professor awarded 2016 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
Nobel prize for chemistry: Lindahl, Modrich and Sancar win for DNA research.
Trump supporters definitely understand the economy better than Nobel Laureates #HilarySucksButThatsAllWeGot.
Developers of molecular machines win Nobel Prize for Chemistry Zolt (….
Strange matter wins physics Nobel.
congrats on the pulitzer prize. songwriting being viewed as the breathtaking literature it can be. ❤️.
Bob Dylan, the Musician: America’s Great One-Man Songbook, via.
Bob Dylan, remaining perfectly in character, makes no mention of the fact that he has won the Nobel Prize.
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize, Redefining Boundaries of Literature - New York Times.
Wow! Congrats to Bob Dylan for winning the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature. And yes, songwriting is literature. Nice recogni….
If you were surprised by this, don't think twice, it's all right..
Bob Dylan is the first American to win the Nobel Prize for Literature since 1993..
Visiting Minnesota, poet Billy Collins calls Bob Dylan’s Nobel Prize a “bold choice”.
Good one..
Bob Dylan's Spotify streams up 500% after #NobelPrize win.
Why Bob Dylan deserves to win the Nobel prize in literature.
A powerful New Yorker article on Ursula K. Le Guin, who has not yet received the Nobel Prize for Literature:.
Nice selection of lyrics and thoughts..
Philosophers On Bob Dylan’s Words and His Nobel Prize Win.
Something is happening: Bob Dylan wins Nobel in literature via.
Dylan wins Nobel in literature for "having created new poetic expressions within the great American song tradition".
Congratulations Bob! You made all our lives better. Thank you for the warning about what was to come (Subterranean Home….
Bob Dylan was awarded the 2016 Nobel Prize for Literature. Beyond his 37 albums, he wrote many poems about his rise to f….
And speaking of #Nobelprize and perfect things: Watchmen intro Bob Dylan "the times they are a changin' ".
Critic's Notebook: Bob Dylan, the Musician: America’s Great One-Man Songbook.
Former Nobel Laureates React To Winning Literature Prize.
BREAKING 2016 #NobelPrize in Literature to Bob Dylan “for having created new poetic expressions within the great American s….
Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel Prize in literature; it's the first time the prestigious award was bestowed on a musician. http….
Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel Prize in literature; it's the first time the prestigious award was bestowed on a musician. ht….
In honor of #BobDylan's #NobelPrize win we put a few artifacts on view incl. handwritten lyrics from #BlondeonBlonde! Come s….
1 of 000s of reasons Bob Dylan was worthy! #NobelPrize.
Folk rock artist is now the first songwriter in history to win a in Literature!.
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize, Redefining Boundaries of Literature.
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize, Internet Wins No-Chill Prize via.
Since 1895, only 48 women have won a #NobelPrize - out of more than 800 winners. This is not a point to brag about: http….
Former Nobel Laureates React To Winning Literature Prize via NPR Books.
Cheers for " The boss"!! Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel Prize for Literature.
Bob Dylan is the most important literary artist of our #art #artnews #music #nobelprize #literature.
"I nominated Bob Dylan for the Nobel Prize. You’re welcome." via.
Bruce Springsteen, Tom Waits congratulate Bob Dylan on Nobel Prize win via.
Shah Rukh Khan learns to cook while celebrating Bob Dylan's Noble win.
Does Bob Dylan deserve to win the Nobel Prize for Literature 2016?.
Dylan and Pacquiao: The day the Nobel Prize winner met the noble prize… #Pacman #Pacquiao.
Great read from Bob Dylan: How Does It Feel…To Win a Nobel Prize?.
Best Dylan lyrics? We'll start: "I'm in love with a woman who don't even appeal to me"  #marketing….
And Best headline goes to...Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize, Internet Wins No-Chill Prize.
This is awesome: Bob Dylan wins Nobel prize in literature 2016.
Something Is Happening: Bob Dylan Wins Nobel in Literature - ABC News -.
This is very interesting stuff.
Bob Dylan’s Book Sales Skyrocket After Nobel Prize Win vía.
Blowing Away All Odds by #BobDylan ❤ Wow add to yer #PulitzerPrize ☀ ♨ htt….
27 tweets that perfectly capture how baffling Bob Dylan's #NobelPrize win is.
ICYMI, I wrote an op-Ed for the NYPost today on why Bob Dylan absolutely deserved to win the Nobel for Literature:.
Bob Dylan wins a Nobel prize.
It's been great to see all the Nobel Winners announced, but congrats to Bob Dylan:  What's you….
After a lot of whining about the importance of sex in intellectual matters #NobelPrize, we might have a winner in w….
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize, Redefining Boundaries of Literature, via.
If you're not read out on #Dylan #NobelPrize, here's my offering on #Mickleburgh, complete with my Top 100 list..
HuffingtonPost: 27 tweets that perfectly capture how baffling Bob Dylan's #NobelPrize win is ….
What does Russia's literary elite think of Bob Dylan getting the #NobelPrize in Literature?.
Songwriter wins Nobel Prize, all songwriters win more respect. Well done, Bob..
Bob Dylan Awarded Nobel Prize in Literature, via Celebrated with old fav, Bear Mountain picnic..
The album that proves Bob Dylan really is a Nobel-worthy literary genius.
After more than half a century writing and performing music, Bob Dylan wins the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature.
"I nominated #BobDylan for the #NobelPrize. You're Welcome." by Gordon Ball.
This is so accurate. #NobelPrize #NobelLiteraturePrize #BobDylanNobel.
Bob Dylan, the Musician: America’s Great One-Man Songbook.
"How Dylan Stole The Nobel Prize And You Can Too" #guru's powerful.
Nobel Prize Winner Scientifically Proves Fasting is Good For Health....
Bob Dylan website acknowledges Nobel prize win after five-day wait.
Cellular "detox" wins the 2016 Nobel Prize. 1170AM radio tonight at 5:45p. Read.
Why are Nobel Prize winners getting older?.
Bob Dylan's rebellious attitude toward the Nobel Prize is nothing new.
‘It is not the Nobel we long for most, but peace itself’: The #WhiteHelmets react to missing out on peace prize.
Bob Dylan is not the first songwriter to win the Nobel prize for literature.
After Bob Dylan’s Nobel Prize Win, Desert Trip Ticket Prices Increase on Resale Sit.
This Mark Critch Parody Of Bob Dylan Accepting The Nobel Prize Is Amazing.
This Mark Critch Parody Of Bob Dylan Accepting The Nobel Prize Is Amazing #22minutes #Ca….
This Mark Critch Parody Of Bob Dylan Accepting The Nobel Prize Is Amazing -.
Always cryptic, Bob Dylan refuses to acknowledge or give thanks to Nobel Prize in Literature.….
Bob Dylan and a noble refusal of the Nobel prize for literature | Letters.
Since #NobelLaureates include  Arafat, Gore and Obama, perhaps #Dylan, like most of us, now thinks #Nobels a joke? http….
BREAKING 2016 #NobelPrize in Literature to Bob Dylan “for having created new poetic expressions within the great American s….
for Nobel Peace Prize for refusing burkini ban and a lot more.
Congrats to Phil Beatty on his #ManBooker2016 win!.
It's surely America's year..
Albert Einstein, awarded the #NobelPrize in Physics 1921. Learn more about Einstein:.
Discover our latest blog article, written by Isabelle Motta Phd, consultant #NobelPrize #research.
”The president himself has made it clear that he will continue to work for peace right up until his very last day in office….
Brilliant letter by to the Committee  #hasmynonvotingrightsvote #BobDylan.
Apparently the Nobel Committee is used to those very grateful writers.
Baby Bob who grew up to win the #NobelPrize in Literature. 🏅#FrigginChamp 👏🏻.
#BiosecienceDay welcomed #winner #amazing #YoungLecture.
#SWMF salutes Sir Fraser Stoddart on his win. #UTSW has 6 Nobelists, including the late Dr. Gilman..
If you were surprised by this, don't think twice, it's all right..
Last week, many gathered to celebrate chemist Bob Curl for the 20th anniversary of the in chemistry..
The real arrogance here is assuming that your institution and its prize are so important that people must accept it.
US Elections 2016 > On Memory Lane > Beloved and Nobel Peace Prize President Forgets To Salute Marine. See Reaction..
#ROC & no place else: East High optical fab class poses w/ #nobelprize #FIO16 #frontiersinoptics.
Replay of 2006 interview w/ #LeonardCohen on #podcast. I love Dylan but LC should've gotten #NobelPrize htt….
How far left would Sanders, Warren pull Clinton?: Nobel Prize-winning economist Paul Krugman offers Katie Couric….
NEW Nov 15: #ChaGheill Luncheon in #ygk with guest speaker Dr. Art McDonald #NobelPrize #queensu:.
[World News] Yoshinori Ohsumi of Japan Wins Nobel Prize for Study of ‘Self-Eating’ Cells.
The more #chocolate you eat, the more likely you are to win a . Prove me wrong......
Hear the breaking news first on Monday! Join us and use hashtag #NobelPrize.
What would a Nobel Peace prize for Iranian leaders mean? Nothing good, writes #NobelPrize #Iran.
US plunges into war with Yemen.  So much for Obama's Nobel Peace Prize !!!.
"I have the legal authority to decide how to ratify the peace deal with FARC":.
Editorial by 2016 Chemistry Nobel Prize - Molecular Machines Are Real!.
"I have the legal authority to decide how to ratify the peace deal with FARC": Santos.
BREAKING 2016 #NobelPrize in Literature to Bob Dylan “for having created new poetic expressions within the great American s….
Bob Dylan becomes the 1st musician to win a #NobelPrize in Literature! #BobDylan….
Bob Dylan Awarded Nobel Prize in Literature: The singer and songwriter was recognized for “new poetic express....
Bob Dylan wins Nobel prize in literature.
Bob Dylan wins the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature..
Nobel prize in literature won by Bob Dylan: First American since Toni Morrison in 1993.
Congratulations to Bob Dylan with the Nobel Prize for Literature! #NobelPrize #BobDylan #music #design #creative.
Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel Prize in literature; it's the first time the prestigious award was bestowed on a musician. ht….
Congrats to Bob Dylan, the First Musician to Get the Nobel Prize in Literature. You're now officially a poet!.
5 of Bob Dylan’s finest lyrical creations, as he wins the Nobel Prize for literature.
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize.
BREAKING: Bob Dylan wins 2016 #NobelPrize for Literature.
Bob Dylan Awarded Nobel Prize in Literature - New York Times #Music #News.
After more than half a century writing and performing music, Bob Dylan wins the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature.
‘Poetry for the ear’: Bob Dylan wins Nobel Prize in literature - The Washington Post.
Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel Prize in literature.
Why Bob #Dylan deserves his #Nobel literature win | Music | Thomas the Think.
This is amazing! Dylan changed a generation w/his music. I see Sawyer moving towards this-so hard to describe what….
Don't know how I missed this earlier but so good. So right. ❤️ #NobelPrize.
#BobDylan poetic expressions in 5 essential songs:  - funny how 1966 50 yrs ago still resonates....
Fun fact: Milhouse once predicted MIT Prof. Holmström would win a #NobelPrize. Today, he was right!.
"How many times can a man turn his head/Pretending he just doesn't see?" #BobDylan, 2016 #NobelPrize for Literature. htt….
Congratulations to Lucky!! #NobelPrize.
My #BecauseOfHer inspirations for today: these amazing #NobelPeacePrize winning women. #NobelPrize #WomenIAdmire #women….
Now here's some GOOD news ☺️.
Today in literary news: The top five contenders for the Nobel Prize in Literature; what is Future Sex?.
2016 Nobel Prize was awarded to a brilliant Ordinary Person that turns simple words into Literature. Congrats!.
A powerful New Yorker article on Ursula K. Le Guin, who has not yet received the Nobel Prize for Literature:.
Bob Dylan wins Nobel Prize in Literature, Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej dies at 88... by #WSJ via.
Does a musician have any right to win the Nobel Prize in literature?.
In honor of #BobDylan - congratulations again on winning the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature! #SpreadTruth.
A man s a #success if he wakes up in t morning&goes to bed at night&in bw does what he wants to do~ Bob Dylan….
I read the first three words and was about to get super upset....then came 'wins Nobel Prize', and I'm now happy. 2016 got….
Ironic that article appears as Dylan wins Nobel Prize Literature a life of disruption.
Bob Dylan: Nobel Prize recipient; Literary alchemist..
Bob Dylan: America's great one-man songbook.
"Bob Dylan 100 percent is not going to win. Stop saying Bob Dylan should win the Nobel Prize." Oops..
news: 20 iconic songs from new Nobel Prize winner Bob Dylan #rock #metal.
Bob Dylan winning the #NobelPrize makes as much sense as declaring Roger Rabbit the winner of the Indy 500!.
made up has the #NobelPrize music's greatest wordsmith representing his craft amongst the cultural elite!….
The latest Stickpoet's Poetica! #onthisday #nobelprize.
Prize as reward for brave politics: Hesse, Pasternak, Brodsky, Mo Yan, Alexeivich. Bet '60s generation won the day. http….
Bob Dylan, who just won the #NobelPrize, on sacrifice, the unconscious mind and the ideal environment for creativity.
Congratulations Bob! You made all our lives better. Thank you for the warning about what was to come (Subterranean Home….
Knockin' On Dylan's Door :) #bobdylan #nobelprize.
A member of the Swedish Academy wasn't happy with Bob Dylan when he received his Nobel Peace.
Bob Dylan, the Swedish Academy just wants to make you feel their lov.
BREAKING 2016 #NobelPrize in Literature to Bob Dylan “for having created new poetic expressions within the great American s….
His #genius lies in putting very good ideas to #music without compromising the poetry’#Bob_Dylan  #NobelDeLiteratura.
Isn't it more impolite to bestow a prize on someone without asking if they want it?.
A wise person:.
Bob Dylan Wins 2016 Nobel Prize for Literature via #merryjane #mmj.
A member of the Swedish Academy says Bob Dylan's silence since winning the Nobel Prize is "impolite and arrogant." |.
Bob Dylan Awarded Nobel Prize in Literature He was Steve Jobs inspiration. Incredible intuition.
Bob Dylan's reaction to winning the Nobel Prize is to completely ignore the fact he's won it. That's why I love Bob..
Bob Dylan Quotes: 21 Famous Lyrics, Sayings To Celebrate 2016 Nobel Prize Winning Musician.
‘Poetry for the ear’: Bob Dylan wins Nobel Prize in literature.
CULTURE VULTURE: J’ca Food & Drink Fest returns + Fraser-Pryce recounts her ‘Journey’ + Bob Dylan wins Nobel Prize:.
Bob Dylan seems to be very dgaf about winning a Nobel Prize..
Bob Dylan is not the first songwriter to win the Nobel prize for literature.
Bob Dylan website acknowledges Nobel literature prize win after five-day wait.
Worthy of Nobel Prize #LeonardCohen’s farewell masterpiece: “You Want it Darker” is powerful and real via.
My new piece on why Ngugi should have won the Nobel prize.
Latest NovaNews post: So what's the significance of Bob Dylan's Novel Prize for Literature? #tlchat #edchat #VicPLN.
HAHAHA good for Bob Dylan. Nobels are now exercise in earnest Nordic virtue-signalling. Cf Obama's peace prize.
Swedish Academy says up to Dylan if he wants to come to receive Nobel Prize.
Swedish Academy says up to Dylan if he wants to come to receive Nobel Prize Read More.
Swedish Academy says up to Dylan if he wants to come to receive Nobel... STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - The committee.
Swedish Academy says up to #BobDylan if he wants to come to receive.
ur so brave. you know what to do x.
Who will win the Nobel Prize in #Literature? via.
Hilarious Nobel Prize-Winning Thoughts On Incentives And The Importance Of Contracts : NPR.
5 Top Contenders for 2016 j Nobel Prize in Literature:.
Former Nobel Laureates React To Winning Literature Prize.
#StudyAbroadBecause you want to win a Nobel Prize someday. World changing research requires global collaboration -.
Don DeLillo sweeps into top 10 tipped  for Nobel prize in literature.
Prof. Bengt Holmström, who spent 4 years on the faculty, wins 2016 #NobelPrize in Economic Sciences!….
The last #NobelPrize announcement 2016 is the Literature Prize! Hear the breaking news 1ST LIVE.
Fun fact: Milhouse once predicted MIT Prof. Holmström would win a #NobelPrize. Today, he was right!.
'The money is a nice part...".
BREAKING 2016 Prize in Economic Sci. to Oliver Hart & Bengt Holmström “for their contributions to contract th….
Please don't be DeLillo. Thanks. 👍.
The latest Save the Planet Weekly! #nobelprize.
Nobel Prize Winner Wants You to Stop Treating Bonds Like Stocks via.
Nobel Prize Winner Wants You to Stop Treating Bonds Like Stocks #investing #trading.
#Swarthmore has the fourth-most winners per undergraduate student, according to a new study ➡️.
Ilham Tohti, #Uighur imprisoned for life by China, wins major human rights.
Former Nobel Laureates React To Winning Literature Prize: The 109th Nobel Prize for Literature will be awarde....
OMG! Trying to be calm... #cantwait.
Yes professor! One civilization to one world!! We need more peace talks!.
The science of the deal: Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmstrom win the #Nobelprize for economic sciences via.
Murakami has been a nominee for many years and has been an alltime favorite..
distilled some fairly hefty concepts on this piece about the #NobelPrize.
Ones whole life dedicated to….
Who are this year’s Nobel Prize winners? Check out a complete list:.
At least one of my favorite writers should get a Nobel Prize before (s)he dies..
All six of America's 2016 Nobel Prize winners are immigrants / The *real* story is that all but one are BRITISH! ;-).
All 2016 American Nobel laureates are immigrants. Look who’s actually making America great these days..
Isn't it more impolite to bestow a prize on someone without asking if they want it?.
In 2009 Obama wins Nobel peace prize.
Bob Dylan and a noble refusal of the Nobel prize for literature | Letters.
Since #NobelLaureates include  Arafat, Gore and Obama, perhaps #Dylan, like most of us, now thinks #Nobels a joke? http….
"Every year I root for Ngugi wa Thiong’o to win the Nobel Prize for literature.".
Anne Enright:a prophet for his times.And once you “get” Dylan, you can’t get away. On #BobDylan winning #NobelPrize  htt….
¡Capo #BobDylan! Dylan and a noble refusal of the Nobel prize for literature | Letters.
Bob Dylan Won a 2016 Nobel Prize For Literature: The definition of "literature" is a broad one, and one that'....
Have you heard about this amazing doctor? #supportsurvivors #EndSV #Congo.
The farce of giving the in literature to Bob Dylan is happily negated by his ignoring it. Does he too recogniz….
Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel Prize for Literature - CNN.
Bob Dylan and a noble refusal of the Nobel prize for literature | Letters - #Newsonline.
UPDATE: Bob Dylan has removed the sole mention of his Nobel Prize win from his website..
This year’s six U.S.-immigrant #NobelPrize laureates underscore a vital message about #innovation..
Best Dylan lyrics? We'll start: "I'm in love with a woman who don't even appeal to me"  #marketing….
or win a nobel....
for Nobel Peace Prize for refusing burkini ban and a lot more by #The_MuslimTimes via.
Japanese prof Yoshinori Ohsumi's #Nobelprize-winning work on cell breakdown could shed light on range of diseases….
I'm going to call it: WILL win a #NobelPrize in Peace for #BeforetheFlood. Should be required viewing by ALL….
Bob Dylan called 'arrogant' over silence about winning Nobel Prize via the App.
Nobel academy member says Bob Dylan is impolite for not accepting prize. They clearly didn't do their homework....
Nobel academy member says Bob Dylan is impolite for not accepting prize. They clearly didn't do their homework...  http….
An impassioned defense of poetry from my friend (and fabulous poet himself).
An example of why Bob Dylan is a writer, poet, songwriter and much, much more. #NobelPrize.
Expert Wins Nobel Medicine Prize Over \'Self-Eating\' Cells.
contract theory wins it all.
This from the Nobel Prize website is  overlooked and quite important: Among the five prizes provided for in....
#BobDylan wins Nobel Prize in literature >>>  #etalk.
So cool that is the first musician to receive a #NobelPrize and even cooler that is a Nobel Prize in literatur….
BREAKING 2016 #NobelPrize in Literature to Bob Dylan “for having created new poetic expressions within the great American s….
Dylan's Nobel Prize will be in the top 5 best things that happened in the suck fest that has been 201….
Love #BobDylan winning #NobelPrize, really love him praising #LeonardCohen melodies - easy to forget what a musicia….
There more than one American singer-songwriter poet from the 60s who deserves recognition: GENE CLARK.
wouldn't it make more sense? #keithrichards #nobelprize #therollingstones.
Interesting read.....
Instead of a wall we should be building BRIDGES OF SOLIDARITY, LOVE & FRATERNITY:  v….
#BobDylan wins 2016 #NobelPrize in literature; it's the first time the prestigious award was bestowed on a musician. htt….
Gratitude to the amazing poet and musician #BobDylan for waking up something within us.  Well done #NobelPrize.
Congratulations Bob! You made all our lives better. Thank you for the warning about what was to come (Subterranean Home….
”I have won many prizes, but the #NobelPrize is something very special …”Jean-Pierre Sauvage.
#SriLanka congratulates 4 inspiring so many across the world n across generations with his amazing poetry n musi….
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize, Redefining Boundaries of Literature.
Creative Inspiration From A Nobel Prize Winner: Bob Dylan.
Creative Inspiration From A Nobel Prize Winner:  Bob Dylan.
~Creative Inspiration From A Nobel Prize Winner:  Bob Dylan.
Congrats to Minnesota native, Bob Dylan for winning the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature. #minnesotaproud.
I dig his storytelling skills, but was not convinced that Bob Dylan deserved to win the Nobel Prize...until I....
Bob Dylan, Titan Of American Music, Wins 2016 Nobel Prize In Literature via.
On Bob Dylan winning the Nobel Prize... #NobelPrize #BobDylan #BobDylanNobel.
The internet wasn't too happy that Bob Dylan won the Nobel prize:.
Fascinating, infuriating, enduring: Bob Dylan deserves his Nobel prize: Many have questioned the accolade, bu....
Bob Dylan wins the the Nobel Literary Prize, Here’s his most anti-crony song - via.
"I nominated Bob Dylan for the Nobel Prize. You’re welcome." via.
After more than half a century writing and performing music, Bob Dylan wins the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature.
Bob Dylan wins Nobel prize in literature 2016 – live.
Knockin’ on history’s door: wins a #Nobel prize via.
of Old World elitism. Rants of a has been literary power..
Folk rock artist is now the first songwriter in history to win a in Literature!.
Nobel academy member says Bob Dylan is impolite for not accepting prize. They clearly didn't do their homework...  http….
Bob Dylan might never see his Nobel prize money: Many writers might give their right arm to be paid almost $1....
ICYIMI: Dr. Everett True shared his thoughts on Dylan and the Nobel Prize isssue for.
Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel Prize in literature; it's the first time the prestigious award was bestowed on a musician. ht….
Join us Wed. 10/26 at 1pm to celebrate Bob Dylan's Nobel Prize in Lit! Perform/recite/bring fav lyric (or just come).
UPDATE: Bob Dylan has removed the sole mention of his Nobel Prize win from his website..
Harvard and MIT professors win Nobel prize in economics via.
Bob Dylan and a noble refusal of the Nobel prize for literature | Letters.
Bob Dylan's demonstrates literature is important to all of us Emily Holman via.
Bob Dylan wins 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature.
If Bob Dylan Can Win the Nobel Prize, Why Not Filmmakers? - Hollywood Reporter #Hollywood #CelebrityNews.
Dylan just wants to be left alone. But those goddamn Nobel Prize guys are trolling him. via.
Dear Nobel Prize Committee, if your 1st choice isn't interested, I WILL TAKE YOUR CALL Full letter here:.
And a sage new take spreading it worldwider.
In Case You Missed It: Japanese Biologist Wins Nobel Prize In Physiology Or Medicine.
The TOP 10 most popular Peace Laureates at right now (most visits at the web... by #DonnaDonnut via.
How Nobel prize-winner Yoshinori Osumi's #research may lead to new cures - via.
The farce of giving the in literature to Bob Dylan is happily negated by his ignoring it. Does he too recogniz….
6 Wiley authors win 2016 Nobel prize:.
❤And where have all the flowers gone...#NobelPrize Lots of good men still here. Maybe need to speak out more?.
"Dylan as Poet," Bill Crane on #BobDylan's #NobelPrize win.   #DylanNobel.
Find out why Bob Dylan is so worthy of for #Literature. Read a free chapter from our Companion:.
Why this Nobel Prize confers - misleading authority': The interesting thing about the Nobel economics prize i....
#BobDylan and a noble refusal of the Nobel prize for literature | Letters | Music | The Guardian.
Since #NobelLaureates include  Arafat, Gore and Obama, perhaps #Dylan, like most of us, now thinks #Nobels a joke? http….
Congratulations on your for Literature. Best wishes, Van.     (Image Rex Features).
Meet the first Biotech to jump on #Autophagy after this years’ #NobelPrize ! #PhoreMost.
Interested in 2016 #NobelPrize in economics re: biz contracts? Kellogg research on good vs bad employee incentives. http….
Baby Bob who grew up to win the #NobelPrize in Literature. 🏅#FrigginChamp 👏🏻.
Never knew they split prize from prize money. Seems fair however. #NobelPrize.
What would a Nobel Peace prize for Iranian leaders mean? Nothing good, writes #NobelPrize #Iran.
It literally makes him even MORE cool (as if that's even possible).
NOBEL PRIZE WINNERS RIGHT HERE IN CAMBRIDGE:.
Check out the full article from the New York Times below:.
ICYMI: you might have just listened to a #NobelPrize winning songwriter.No, not #taylorswift (yet)..
committee have harsh words for for rebuffing them. More next in #RockBriefs -.
Honored to engage w/ nominee Dr. of A true hero 4 #HumanRights….
Honored to engage w/ nominee Dr. of A true hero 4 #HumanRights #peace #dem….
The science of the deal: Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmstrom win the Nobel prize for economic sciences via.
Executive compensation design flaws uncovered by new winners of Nobel Prize winners in Economics;.
An unexpected result in the 1970s led to decades of physics research and a Nobel Prize..
First musician to win literature gives me my first break: thank you,.
In good company: Local MA professors, #analytics, #insurance take #NobelPrize in Economics. Congrats!.
The TOP 10 most popular Peace Laureates at right now (most visits at the web site) #NobelPeacePrize….
Nobel Peace Prize Winning Obomber Hits Syrian.
I'm going to call it: WILL win a #NobelPrize in Peace for #BeforetheFlood. Should be required viewing by ALL….
Biologist Wins Nobel Prize For Work On Cellular Recycling Process | Diabetic's Digest #biology #diabetes #DOC.
If #BobDylan Can Win the #NobelPrize, Why Not a #Filmmaker? via #films #directors #producers.
Bob Dylan says winning Nobel Prize left him ‘speechless’.
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Peace Prize for Literature? What are these people thinking?.
#TheTeachersAcademy Why Bob Dylan's Nobel Prize for Literature is important to many educato... Read Blog:.
Nobel Prize winners criticize Greenpeace for having “spearheaded” opposition to Golden Rice, other GM crops.
Nobel Prize for literature, right there.
New post: 2016 Nobel Prize Announced for Physics, Chemistry By  Reference: Aric Villarreal.
AND ANOTHER: 19 Nobel laureate economists call HRC by far the superior candidate for our economy and our country. http….
Visiting impressive & reminded that previous American #Nobel in literature was awarded to Toni Morrison in 1993..
In honor of the #ChemNobel laureates, we've decked out ACS HQ with a little special something....
New this #wwwblogs: Why is a worthy winner of the #nobelprizeliterature.
Congrats to #MalalaYousafzai, the youngest-ever winner of the #NobelPeacePrize. So inspiring http://t.co/wmJCvsllnh htt….
Such a happy moment with #Fulbright Notable Alumnus and Nobel Laureate Muhammad Yunus.
Making Economics Make Sense to Everyone --- Tyler has a knack at this as his success in a variety of modes of....
ready to accept Nobel Recognition for bringing new level of literature to music.
Obama: To be honest, I still don’t know.
Haw many poetic expressions are there in songs traditions of all world?Twitter Comments on to htt….
76 of our authors are #NobelPrize Laureates. Check out our new collection, featuring their.
Celebrate #NobelPrize with the 10th anniversary deluxe edition of 'No Direction Home.' Grab it today:.
Great to see and winner back at LSE for #LSEColombia 🇨🇴🇬🇧.
GOD BLESS ROGER WATERS is a real man of principle and conscience. Notice these kind of people are never nominated f….
Albert Einstein, awarded the #NobelPrize in Physics 1921. Learn more about Einstein:.
GOD BLESS ROGER WATERS is a real man of principle and conscience. Notice these kind of people are never nominated for No….
Sincerely,.
#nanotech win #NobelPrize in #chemistry this year.
Impressive work. #HealthIT #innovation.
2016 #NoblePrize winners could greatly influence #procurement process.....seriously..
Climate Change Resilience May Mean Planting More Trees.
You never set out to discover something new. You stumble on it and you have luck to recognize it is something new.
Colbert: Really, what was that for?.
A super cool Bob Dylan at his new exhibition #bobdylan #nobelprize #photography….
Never would've thought we'd win a Nobel Prize for our shirts, but we're glad you think they're amazing! #Sweat.
Fascinating! Machine created that's one thousand times smaller than a single strand of hair! via….
Prominent #Economists, Including #EightNobelLaureates: ‘#DoNotVoteDonaldTrump’ #Trump #Economy #Clinton.
Physics Nobel Awarded for Breakthroughs in Exotic States of Matter #science.
#LSEColombia is trending! Watch our live webcast w 2016 Nobel Prize winner now.
Via Economists & 8 Nobel Prize Winners Warn: Trump 'Promotes Magical Thinking And Conspiracy Theories'.
Nobel Prize Winning Author Wole Soyinka says he will tear up his green card if Trump wins | Books | The Guardian.
What an amazing man he is !! #Legend #Peace #Nobel.
After his recent Nobel Prize win,  Bob Dylan will play a sold out concert at DPAC this Friday:….
28% of GOP early voters in FL plus 370 Economist including 8 Nobel Prize winners know a conman when they see one.  htt….
This statement by the Whitehouse on #Yemen is straight out of some Orwellian nightmare. That and his Nobel Peace Pr….
Wole Soyinka (Nobel Literature Laureate 1986), from 'Mandela's Earth' (1989), apt for this time in South Africa. 📖.
Trump: "Nobel Prize is for Losers, ok!? I could've had one 3 years in a row but I declined because there wasn't eno….
Trump: "Nobel Prize is for Losers, ok!? I could've had one 3 years in a row but I declined because there wasn't enough mone….
SO THAT'S WHY they gave him he Nobel Prize right off the bat. They'd NEVER get away with it now!!!.
Died on 2 Nov.1950: G. Bernard Shaw, Irish comic dramatist, literary critic, and socialist propagandist/nobel prize. http….
Facts, shawty be rea give me a nobel peace prize lol, but u gah remember its two type of niggas in this world, mama….
Facts, shawty be rea give me a nobel peace prize lol, but u gah remember its two type of niggas in this world, mama taught….
Steve Mirsky - Nobel in Physics for Secrets of Exotic Matter #VoiceofMaui #nowplaying.
New post (Nobel Physics Prize awared to three for Topology work) has been published on.
This is a Nobel Prize contender right here. 👏👏 📷: Jane Espenson/Twitter #science #physics ….
Samuel Beckett's Guide to Particles and Anti-Particles by is a fun primer on this year's physics Nobel.
the  Economy Nobel laureate answer: Would a President Trump be good for business? vía.
Check out my latest article for on the Nobel Prize for Chemistry.
Dear People Who Think Trump Is Better for the Economy,.
2. the debate on what really merits a Nobel peace prize.
Hart and Holstrom win Nobel Prize (Economics) for advancing thought on why contracts work. Law makes the big time!.
New post: 2016 Nobel Prize Announced for Physics, Chemistry The Royal Swedish Academy of S.
This statement by the Whitehouse on #Yemen is straight out of some Orwellian nightmare. That and his Nobel Peace Prize. htt….
Eminem is nominated for the 2017 Nobel Prize in Literature award along with Jay Z, Nas and Young Thug 🐐.
We're supporting the White Helmets' Nobel Peace Prize nomination. Stand with these Syrian heroes. PH….
"Hillary Clinton is by far the superior presidential candidate for our economy + our country." Love, Nobel laureates.
This is precisely why Obama was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize..
"Hillary Clinton is by far the superior presidential candidate for our economy + our country." Love, Nobel laureates htt….
Comey for Nobel Peace prize, what this brave man has done will never be recognised at the moment,.
He's gonna win Nobel Prize in peace.
This autumn we have seen Bob Dylan win a Nobel Prize for literature and now the Chicago Cubs might win the world....
Why Dylan Getting The Nobel Prize Is An Important Event In English Literature.
The Kenyan author who’s done more for literature than Bob Dylan, and should have won the Nobel.
Interesting, on Bob Dylan’s silence with respect to the Nobel Prize for literature:.
Raul Castro to win the Nobel Prize in Literature: Santana in El Nuevo Herald: “The General wanted the Nobel P....
The letter, first reported by The Wall Street Journal, was signed by 370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize....
The Nobel Prize needs Bob Dylan more than Bob Dylan needs the Nobel Prize. by.
Bob Dylan won a Nobel Prize. Why can't the committees that pick the science Nobelists be so adventurous?.
Congratulations to Bob Dylan for winning the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature! We honor you in the only way we know how,….
"... the most glaring and embarrassing Nobel Prize failure of all — the dismal representation of women.".
Not. Did this guy really win the Nobel Prize? What the hell is going on over there in Sweden?.
Since he’s won the Nobel Prize, the judiciary's use of Bob Dylan quotes has more credibility!….
YOU THE FIRST GIRL THAT EVER UNDERSTOOD THE PROCESS YOU NEED A NOBEL PEACE PRIZE THIS MONUMENTAL.
Delighted that Bob Dylan has been awarded Nobel Prize in Literature..
Elton plays ‘Subterranean Homesick Blues’ in celebration of Bob Dylan’s recent Nobel Literature Prize win. #RocketHour o….
Slideshow : Bob Dylan wins Nobel Prize in Literature - Bob Dylan wins Nobel Prize in Literature via.
Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize in Literature #publishing.
Finally, riffing in print on Dylan & the Nobel! Incredible..
I made a Dylan song out of Google autocomplete. You can do it too. Maybe we will all win the Nobel Prize for literature one da….
Nobel Prize in Literature: Why Jean-Paul Sartre Refused the Controversial Award in 1964 via.
Why Dylan's Nobel Prize win matters to teachers....
Flash forward to 2057, Grant writes: "Super proud of our Ms 58 who has just won the Nobel Physics Prize".
In honor of his recent Nobel Prize win, some of #BobDylan's greatest #dylan #nobel #musiclegends.
In honor of his recent Nobel Prize win, some of #BobDylan's greatest #dylan #nobel #musi….
370 economists slam Trump's economic policies The group, which includes Nobel Prize winners, releases an open….
OPEN LETTER TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE FROM RECIPIENTS OF THE SVERIGES RIKSBANK PRIZE IN ECONOMIC SCIENCES IN MEMORY.
370 economists, including eight Nobel Prize winners warn of the economic danger of a Trump presidency.
Winner of the #nobel peace price? REALLY?.
Winner of the nobel peace price? REALLY?.
Yessss so happy about Paul Dylan winning The Nobel Prize for literature , it bought tears to My eyes ❤️.
#Bono I assumed it was an ironic response to Dylan winning a Nobel Prize, but apparently not. The world really has….
How to live longer acording to Nobel Prize winning discovery.
I'm not sure whether I could win a Nobel Prize or not, but the Nobel ... #ShujiNakamura #quotes.
TUNE IN NOW: Nobel Peace Prize Recipient Leymah Gbowee speaking LIVE from the Chapel -.
Anike Bowaire, a young physicist genius from Serui #WestPapua won the First Step to Nobel Prize in Physics in 2005..
The Nobel Prize is an incredible honor, and now molecular machines have to live up to that promise -- no pressure:.
Fantastic Collection of articles from the 2016 Nobel Laureates in Chemistry.
In ethical inversion: Nobel Peace Prize turned into Americ….
Happy Birthday to    Paul Sabatier, an organic chemist who shared the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1912 with Victor….
A magnificent masterpiece incredible amazing breathtaking show-stopping remarkable never-the-same emotional nobel peace prize….
LOL... A Tale of Two Nobel Peace Prize Laureates.
#OTD 1930 Sinclair Lewis received a call saying he's the first American to win a Nobel Prize for Literature. He thought he….
Finally some good news! Bob Dylan wins Nobel prize for literature..
The Nobel Prize needs Bob Dylan more than Bob Dylan needs the Nobel Prize. by.
52 years ago today, Martin Luther King, Jr. received the Nobel Peace Prize. Treasury will honor his legacy on the new $5 bi….
New LSE event podcast! The Legacy of Peace with Nobel Prize winner #LSEColombia….
Bob Dylan gets the Nobel Prize in literature. How amazing! He's been inspiring us since day one. A true poet and he kn….
Nobel Prize in Literature - Portraits of Legendary Laureates. #ThursdayThoughts #PodestaEmails28.
Oh baby. The day Honey G wins a MOBO is the day Donald Trump wins the Nobel Peace Prize. #xfactor.
A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel via.
A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel.
Today in 1930: Sinclair Lewis becomes the first US writer to receive the Nobel Prize in Literature..
congrats on the pulitzer prize. songwriting being viewed as the breathtaking literature it can be. ❤️.
Bob Dylan wins  Nobel Prize for Literature.
On #ThisDayInHistory in 1930, An American Nobel Prize in Literature. Read More via.
Anike Bowaire, a young physicist genius from Serui #WestPapua won the First Step to Nobel Prize in Physics in 2005..
Great but the Nobel prize for economics is still bogus.
Today in 1993, Alum Toni Morrison becomes the first African American woman to win a Nobel Prize in Literature. #HB….
New LSE event podcast! The Legacy of Peace with Nobel Prize winner #LSEColombia htt….
On this day in 1930, Sinclair Lewis became the first American to win the Nobel Prize for Literature. Among his nove….
A Nobel laureate in literature wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel via.
Bob Dylan wins Nobel Prize for literature....
Nobel literature laureate Wole Soyinka says he who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel via.
Onthisday in 1948, T.S. Eliot wins the Nobel Prize, for his profound effect on the direction of modern poetry..
Happy Birthday to    Paul Sabatier, an organic chemist who shared the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1912 with Victor Grignard. h….
Go for It, Kongi!!! // A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel.
"The Most Outstanding Work" Alfred Nobel's vague prescriptions for the Literature Prize:.
"Bob Dylan is not the first songwriter to win the Nobel prize for literature.".
Wole Soyinka: A Nobel laureate in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel via.
Slideshow : Bob Dylan wins Nobel Prize in Literature - Bob Dylan wins Nobel Prize in Literature via.
Nobel laureate Wole Soyinka wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel via.
"A Nobel laureate (Wole Soyinka) in literature who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can get a Nobel".
You never set out to discover something new. You stumble on it and you have luck to recognize it is something new.
Our Nobel Peace Prize winning POTUS is currently bombing seven countries..
This is a Nobel Prize contender right here. 👏👏 📷: Jane Espenson/Twitter #science #physics ….
A magnificent masterpiece incredible amazing breathtaking show-stopping remarkable never-the-same emotional nobel p….
Kim Kardashian wins Nobel price for quantum Physics for 2016.
That's, what most analysts 2 b reckoned with come to conclude...
it would be an amazing & appropriate final act of Obama's presidency if he gave his Nobel Peace Prize back.
President:"Yeah, that's kinda ironic if….
Podcast now available of #LSEColombia event with 2016 Nobel Peace Prize Winner.
Congrats to #MalalaYousafzai, the youngest-ever winner of the #NobelPeacePrize. So inspiring http://t.co/wmJCvsllnh htt….
This needs a straight up oscar, Tony, Grammy, BET award, Nobel Peace Prize etc.
Nov.4, 1948 - T.S. Eliot wins Nobe….
Not only that she should give up Noble prize but also she should be held accountable for Muslim masccer in her....
Why Bob Dylan deserves his Nobel literature win finally, justice.
noble laureate Robert Mundell, we must protect  with VATs (industr policy), like the….
I'm sure you more on top of the economy than 370 top economist's including 7 Nobel laureates - NOT.
Quote from "Mighty be our powers" written by 2011 Nobel Laureate Leymah Gbowee & Carol Mithers #NobelPrize.
Wins Nobel Peace Prize - Not A Single Day Of Peace During Entire Presidency.
she performed at the nobel peace prize concert at 15 & killed it despite being super nervous & messing up at first htt….
TS Eliot wins the #NobelPrize.
Tonight: drinks inspired by our latest Nobel Laureate in literature: #BobDylan. Kitchen and bar….
Poetry Especially w/ some poet-friends, & more!.
“Chess is as cool as 'World of Tanks', but as prestigious as the Nobel Prize. If we can combine this, we’re in a very good….
Steve Mirsky - Nobel in Physics for Secrets of Exotic Matter #VoiceofMaui #nowplaying.
Me too. Says it all. Wins Nobel prize..
love this essay from Henry Rollins about prizes, and especially love the print version uses an F-bomb title.
heres a good primer. Basically it's not given by the same people who give all the other ones ht….
Any Chattanooga ppl wanna a chance to sit SUPER close to see Bob Dylan next Sun Great small venue.
An original contribution to knowledge ... not a Nobel #detoxyourwriting #PhDChat http….
Ready for #MartinChalfie #NobelPrize #chemistry #festivalscienza.
Interesting remarks from Steven Weinberg (Physics Nobel 1979 for Electroweak Theory) on the state of quantum theory.
THP poet Tara Betts' amazing "Arc & Hue" featured in SPIN!....
A Major Exhibition of New Works by Artist, Musician, Songwriter and 2016 Nobel Laureate, Bob Dylan.
for Nobel Peace Prize for refusing burkini ban and a lot more.
Albert Einstein, awarded the #NobelPrize in Physics 1921. Learn more about Einstein:.
My original (still-developing) thesis (toward in Economics) includes these dynamics..
Interested in economics? You might want to read one of our interviews with Nobel Prizewinning.
My nephew Adam Campbell with 2001 Nobel laureate in physics Eric Cornell. Gotta keep good company early!.
Strange matter wins physics Nobel - All three British-born but USA careers, telling... #braindra….
Nobel physics prize awarded for work on exotic matter - Independent Online       #news.
nobelprize has a Disability Discrimination. True winner of Nobel Prize in Physics is me. #reuters #discrimination.
Interesting remarks from Steven Weinberg (Physics Nobel 1979 for Electroweak….
If the economy will tank, that must mean it is doing well now. The best way to tank it is to vote Trump..
#congrats #economics #NobelPrize #WINNER Dr Oliver Hart & Dr Bengt Holmstrom outstanding work in design of contract.
Nobel literature laureate Wole Soyinka says he who wants a Grammy if Bob Dylan can... by #calestous via.
A #MustRead for ever lover of good literature, available for only Rs. 39 in #ebook.
A #MustRead for ever lover of good literature, available for only Rs. 39 in.
Great Stories By Nobel Prize Winners #KindleMonthlyDeals #Books #Literature.
OMG!  #BobDylan has won the 2016 #NobelPrize for #Literature - 1st time a musician has been so honored. A true poet!.
